Aaditya Shah





The Gates of Hell





The Gates of Hell


The Gates of Hell



Introduction



There is a bully, named Fred. He likes to see people cry, blood pouring of children’s noses. One day he dies in an accident. Then he reaches the Gates of Hell only after he realizes… Well read and find out.



Chapter 1:- Fred’s Record.



‘Aargh!’ screamed Bill as he was punched on his nose by Fred.

‘Do you want more?’ asked Fred angrily.

‘Alright. I’m sorry,’ said Bill who broke down to tears as blood poured of his nose.

‘Never repeat that ever again. Do you understand that?’

‘O… OK,’

Fred looked like a body-builder with jack muscles, was always fit, with a short body and a pretty long neck. He had maybe broken the record of “Number of Times Bullied” and had also broken many bones. He never was kind to anyone. No one liked him. Though he was such a bad boy, his mother loved him. He was fifteen, studying in tenth standard. He should claim the Guinness World Record for bullying.



Chapter 2:- Bully’s Birthday.



It was Fred’s birthday. But he seldom celebrates. He doesn’t like it when his aunt comes in and pulls his cheeks; his uncle still gives him gifts which are actually for 8year-olds, such as a Power Rangers sword.

‘Happy Birthday, sweetheart,’ his mom, Mrs. Arnold wished him as he entered the kitchen.

‘Thanks,’ that was said very lazily by Fred.

‘Come on! Wash your face and eat breakfast. We’re going out today and it is also a holiday for your dad. He’ll wake up any time now,’ His dad was a thin man who always looked smart(Fred always sees him as a nerd as he wears glasses all the time, except sleeping, and also he reads a lot) and he always wears a perfume. Mr. Arnold came in to the kitchen ready for the trip. There was a sweet fragrance of a perfume he wore.

‘Morning, son. Happy birthday to ya!’ exclaimed his dad.

‘Morning dad,’ Fred was a bit active now.

‘So, are you ready?’

‘No. Have to just take a bath, dad.’

‘OK.’ He then went to have a shower in cold water as it was very hot outside. He came out and tried to dress in the best looking way, but, he couldn’t control himself from looking like a bully. But no one noticed that.

They left the house. Fred sat in the back seat of their car. Whenever in a car, Fred always used to do stuff on his cell phone.

‘Let’s go,’ said his mom excitedly. They had gone to a beach. Fred loved to swim, or surf in low waves. He enjoyed as he also met his bully-gang partner, Johnny.

‘Howdy-do?’ asked Johnny to Fred.

‘I’m fine. What ‘bout ya?’ asked Fred to Johnny.

‘I’m good. Just came here as I was bored. I came here with my parents. How come you’re here?’

Oh. It’s my birthday today and I’ve come here with my parents to hang out.

‘Alright, see ya later,’ said Johnny and went away. They returned home in the evening at around 7:30 p.m. Fred slept as soon as he got up to his bedroom.



Chapter 3:- Horrible Day



The next day Fred woke up and ate his breakfast.

‘Mom, I’m going out for a walk,’ said Ben as he wore his branded sandals.

‘Alright, sweetie. Return soon,’ his mom let him go.

‘Mom, please don’t call me “Sweetie” or “Sweetheart” ,’

‘OK, sweetie,’

‘Urghhh.’

He left. He crossed the main road. He decided t go to a coffee shop. He had to cross another road to reach there. He saw a van approaching at a high speed, but he tried to run and go, and, BANG!! He was thrown into the air by the van for metres. Blood oozed down from his head and his hands. He was done for. He was dead.

The van-driver ran away by the fear of getting arrested. Then a large group formed around Fred.

A man came and checked his pockets. He found a mobile. He searched in contacts and found “Mom”. He called Fred’s mom. His mom was almost going to have a heart-attack. Fred was her only child. His mom and dad reached there a few minutes later. His mom started crying very loudly. She never stopped.



Chapter 4:- The Gates of Hell



Fred was buried in the graveyard. His mother had still not stopped crying. His dad also sobbed a bit. His relatives mourned, including his mom.



Fred woke up. He was dead. He knew it. He felt very warm. How could he wake up? He turned around. He saw the largest gate. It was in flames and everything was red in colour. There was a long queue. He joined the queue. It took maybe 3 hours when Fred reached an old looking man.

‘Why are you in hell?’ he asked.

‘What? This… This is hell?’ asked Fred most surprised ever.

‘Yes. You are in hell,’ replied the old man. Fred figured it out. He was a master-bully. Of course you would first go to hell if you do such things.

‘Um… I am… was a bully.’

‘OK,’ he wrote down something in an old looking book, ‘you have to suffer. Suffer very badly, in hot boiling oil, spears through your chest. Enter the gates and suffer.



Chapter 5:- Fred Enters Hell



He reached out for the gates. But, as soon as he touched it, his hand burnt.

‘How do I enter through this burning thing?’ asked Fred angrily.

‘I will open it for you,’ said the old man as he chanted something very short and the gates opened very slowly.

How long is this gonna take? Thought Fred. He had no idea what was going to happen inside. The gate opened. He went in. He saw many people. Young and old, being punished very badly.

He took a few steps forward. He was in. He realized now that he shouldn’t have been bullying always. He had to suffer now. There was no turning back for him.



Chapter 6:- Boiled to Dream



He saw Satan, the man who makes others suffer in hell, like hell. He looked pissed.

‘Who’s next?’ asked Satan. There was no one around. Fred was only there near him.

‘Please don’t hurt me,’ said Fred as he broke down to tears. ‘What are you going to do to me? I’m sorry for the sins I committed. Please let me go.’

‘No. You can’t go back, boy.’

‘What are you going to do to me?’ he repeated the question.

‘Nothing much. I’ll just make you swim in hot lava and then boil you, until your flesh is no more,’ there was a sly grin on Satan’s face.

‘What? Please. I beg of you. Please don’t make me suffer.’

‘Come here, boy,’ said Satan as he reached out to grab his hands to pull and throw him to the river of hot, burning, torturing and boiling lava. But Fred was fast enough. He escaped the grab of Satan, and ran as fast as he could. But Satan was faster he grabbed him and said, ‘Look, boy. I’ll reduce a punishment. I’ll not throw you to the river of lava and throw you there, but, I’ll boil you in the hot oil. Fred was about to faint.

‘Please let me go,’ cried out Fred.

‘No, kid. You have to pay for the sins committed by you.’ He threw him in the giant pot and boiled him, till his flesh was no more. Now there was no flesh. He had become a skeleton, only to wake up and realize that it was all a dream. Maybe nightmare.

He never bullied from that day onwards.





Publication Date: April 8th 2013



https://www.bookrix.com/-aaditya





