Mary Claire Garcia





Secret Pet


The sweeter they look...the deadlier they are





The Interview





Most people have pets in their homes. Some are dog-lovers while others prefer felines. Other people devote themselves to fishes, birds or even to turtles. Then there is the minority of people who find themselves fascinated to the exotic breed of species. Most rich and influential people have exotic animals as pets. Rumours say the creatures gave them their extraordinary luck and wealth. Well, let me tell you a story. It’s up to you if you will believe me, sweet writer. Come here and pull your chair closer so as you are the only one to hear me. Yes, I will tell you the whole story of our secret pet.

	I was only fifteen back then then. My sister was fifteen also. We were fraternal twins, you see. But I hated her. I hated Lara. It must have been because we were always compared to each other. She was always perfect, always gets the good grades, always has the boys, and I think you get the drift. I, on the other hand always had bad luck. I did not look like this before. No, I never had this face or body before. I’m getting ahead of my story. Anyway, it was night time when that incident happened. Our parents were rich so they were always out of town and we were left to ourselves.

	“Let’s go to the basement,” Lara said.

	The basement was forbidden. My parents kept a dangerous pet there and we were never allowed to even know or see it. I imagined it was a cobra or an alligator.

	“You know we’re not allowed there,” I hissed.

	She smiled at me as though I was the most pathetic thing in the world.

	“Then I will go there and it is up to you if you will follow me,” she whispered.

	She knew I will follow her. I was also curious and it irked me that she would be the only one to be able to go down the forbidden basement. We went downstairs. I smelled something perfume-like. She smelled it too. Lara chuckled softly.

	“They give the pet perfume,” she laughed.

	I could not laugh. My mind was telling me something was wrong. We opened the door and gasped at the sight. The basement was showered with treasure. Gold coins, jewelleries and ancient statues made of jade and sapphires. At the middle of the room was a tall cage made for a parrot. But its gate was quite large. A human could have fitted in the cage. There was a huddled figure in the cage covered with purple cloth made of silk.

	“So this place is a treasure room,” Lara said.

	“There’s the pet,” I said and pointed to the cage.

	We opened it and a white hand underneath the cloth grasped my arm. I shook it off and we both ran upstairs. We ran to our parents’ bedroom and hid in the closet. The closet was dark and only heightened our fear. We heard creaking sounds getting nearer to our hiding place. We could not call for our parents nor can we call for police. Then I noticed the pile of clothes at the other end of the closet. Lara noticed it too and clutched my hand. The clothes were full of dry blood and they looked like they belonged to our parents’ clients. Then the closet door opened.

	Standing in front of us was a girl as white as snow. Her eyes were green like a cat’s and a snake’s eyes. She was naked yet she looked like clothes would never suit her. She knelt in front of us and I smelled the strange perfume again.

	“Kiss me and you will be my new master. Your parents have offered me the lives of people and in exchange, I give them wealth. Do you have a wish? I can grant anything you desire,” she whispered.

	Her eyes were hypnotizing. I held her shoulders and my sister screamed for me to go back to my senses. This was the answer to my prayers, right? I kissed her lips. She tasted of sugar. I kissed her more deeply and our tongues danced with each other.

	“Master, what is your wish?” she asked and licked her lips.

	“Make me beautiful, give me luck as long as I live and make me rich,” I said breathing heavily.

	“Your payment?” she asked in a beautiful voice as sweet as a siren’s.

	I turned to my sister who had paled and was looking at us horrified.

	“Eat her,” I smiled.



	You are looking at me as though I have grown two heads. You do not believe me. Well then, I must get going. I did not notice it had grown dark already. Ride in my car and I will drop you off.





The Writer





I went in the car with her. In the car, a beautiful young woman white as snow stared at me. She was naked yet it looked oddly natural to her. The woman I interviewed laid her hands on the white woman’s thighs. She cupped her chin and kissed her passionately. I blushed in discomfort.

	“You made such a mess there in my parents’ closet, pet,” she said.

	My eyes widened and I realized I was breathing in a strange perfume. I opened the door hastily but it was locked.

	“Here’s your supper, pet,” the woman said.

	The naked woman clutched my head and bit off my nose. I screamed as it made crunching noises in her mouth.

	If only I was able to hide in a dark closet also away from her. But then she would have found me too. I screamed again.



END OF BOOK I OF THE FORBIDDEN PETS SERIES





Publication Date: February 15th 2013



https://www.bookrix.com/-murderess





