Mileena Blazonis





Slenderman





Chapter 1. Nightmare Come True


I was in bed with my head under the covers. I turned my head to the tall dark figure in my room. I could see through the sheets, because they were thin. I started to sweat as the figure came closer. It's tentacles were reaching out to me, to eat me. I was sweating more and more. I slide deeper in my bed, as the no faced, slender body came twoards me. He leaned down in my face. I closed my eyes. I felt a deep pain in my leg so my eyes opened up. One of his tentacles were cutting my leg. I flinched in the pain. I was to scared to think of to stop him. I open up my eyes to see I had that same nightmare again...



I grabbed the first cup I saw and shoved it under the coffee machine. I was mad! "Okay so you maybe a little mad that it didn't work but you know, my plans are bad." Said Emily,

I stomped back and forth through the room. "I need to call Jake! I got a plan that might work. Oh! I need to show you something!" I ran across the room as I said it,

"What?" Emily asked eagerly, I lifted my leg up on the chair and pulled up my leg to reveal a deep cut that spelled slender in cursive! "Huh?" Asked Emily, I rolled my eyes as I slid my pants over the painless cut. I shook my head.

"I can't belive it..." I muttered, I ran over to the coffee machine and grabbed my cup. I can't belive I just made Coffee like that! I think, I giggle bit. "Get me the phone!" I order Emily,

I see her run over to the living room and disapear. I plop down in a wooden chair and wait. "AAAHHHH!" I hear Emily scream,

"What?" I yell back starting to run into the living room, She wasn't in there so I ran up the stairs. I see Emily in my room with the camera on the floor. "What?"

"Nothing, nothing" replies Emily calmly, I bend down and pick up the camera.

"Are you sure your okay?" I try to get an answer but she wont budge. I sigh and grab the camrea. "You sure?"

"Yes!" She says so annoyed, I sigh and hope it was really nothing. I run downstairs. "Oh also, how com that cut doesn't bother you?"

I shrug. I move into the kitchen and grab a phone. I dial Jake's number and call.



"You sure this will work?" Asks Jake, I nod and grab the camrea. "Lets get this hooked up!" Jason was the best with camreas! That's why I asked him to come over and set this up. I sigh as he walks in my room. I follow him into my embarrassingly Peacey room. "Woah! Peace much!" Laughs Jason. I take a good gander at my room. Sky blue walls with pink and purple peacesign stickers. A neon green fuzzy rug. My Peace pillow cases and cover, sheet and bedskirt.



"Yeah." I sigh, I point to a corner of the room near the cieling, "Hook it up there pointing at my bed and also hook one up facing my doorway." I point to the door way. I wonder if this would work. Setting up two camreas to watch me at night, when I have that 'Dream'. If it is even a dream...





Chapter 2. Proof!


I wrap my arms around Jason and hug him. "Thanks so much!" He lets go of me.

"Are you going to tell me what's this for?" I smile.

"Maybe..." I tease, I laugh and watch Jason walk out of the door. I sigh and shut it. Another night of terror, just to prove.



Again that dream terrors me that night. Slender. The dream was the same except for the part where he cuts my leg. He left my room and dissapeared down the hallway. I slowley got up wondering what was happening. I was shaking. Shivers flew up and down my spine. I tiptowed down the hall and saw slender. I gasp. He turns round and faces me with his white mask. I actully got a good look. It's a mask! I saw the part where his nose was, so he does have a face. He turns back-round and goes into Emily's room! "NOOO!" I screech,

I screamed at the top of my lungs, then I was back in bed. I was sweating, panting. Then I remembered Emily. I jumped up and out of bed. I ran down the hall and into Emilys room. She was sitting up rocking back and forth Paler than her Pillow. "I...I had that...."

"I know, he went into your room in my dream. What'd he do?"

Emily lifts her arm, Slender, spelt in crooked letters. I sigh and remember the camreas. "The tape!" I yell, I run into my room and open my laptop. I click the open app, Video. I watch the screen as if it would tell me how to live if I was dieing in tomorrow. A tall slender figure enters my room. A little static. He leans over me, then leaves. I get up and follow. Thats all you could see. Then there was some static. I close the app and gasp. "It's not a nightmare..."





Chapter 3. We can only Hope


"Look!" I point to the screen, Emily sighs as she watches.

"What do we do?" She shrugs, I shrug to. Then I got an Idea.

"Pages! Slender wants you to collect pages, Then He will go away!"

Emily looks up as she thinks. "But in the game doesn't it get worse each page?" I nod to that! I wonder what will happen.

I sigh, "So the nightmares'll get worse? Huh..." I shiver to the thought I wonder what/how it will get worse.

I sigh again, thinking. "What if we find the pages but not get them until we find all 8 or we try to get them all in one day."

"Where would they be? One could be in china for all we know!"

"Oh... Well I hope not! What would the pages say? How would we know if it's a page?" I sigh,

Emily looks as if the answer is infront of her. "Well the pages, would be were slender attacks, only in our rooms, right? So the pages are in our rooms!" Emily almost shouts. I nod my head. It was worth a shot, right?





Chapter 4. Pages




I whip open the drawer and ruffle through the pages. "What would they say?" I shout,

"I guess what they say in the game?" Answers but asks Emily. I sigh.

"That could be anything An what if it isn't!? What version of the game? Were doomed!" I shout,

Emily sighs, realizing what I said is true. "We're dead...



I look around as if I've never been here before wondering where they may be. I pick up a folded page. I unfold it staring at the photo of slenderman. "I FOUND A PAGE... AH!" I shout, the page just disappeared in my hands. Emily just ran into the room.

She stares at me confused. I stared at my hand dumfounded to. "What happened?"

" Uh... Uh uh.... The page... Disappeared, it was here... And now it's not!" I sigh, and turn around. "I guess the pages are photos of slenderman." Emily nods and walks out. I guess there's no turning back now...





Chapter 5. Dream


I sigh. Sitting down on my bed. It was three am. Too late to do anything else. The slender on my leg was starting to itch. A long time, hours to search for pages and we only found one. I guess it's time to sleep and have that stupid nightmare again. I shake my head and fall back, into sleep mode.



I shake my head awake panting, I wipe the sweat off my forehead. I scratch my leg, my smooth skin felt nice. " SMOOTH SKIN" I scream, I throw the blanket on the floor and see my leg, smooth skin, no Cut! I scream, " it was all a dream!" It was all a dream...



or was it?





Publication Date: September 5th 2014



https://www.bookrix.com/-pz71248c4be4a15





