The Project Gutenberg EBook of Monsoons of Death, by Gerald Vance

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org


Title: Monsoons of Death

Author: Gerald Vance

Release Date: May 31, 2010 [EBook #32618]

Language: English


*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MONSOONS OF DEATH ***




Produced by Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net









                          MONSOONS OF DEATH

                           By GERALD VANCE


[Transcriber Note: This etext was produced from Amazing Stories December
1942. Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that the U.S.
copyright on this publication was renewed.]

[Illustration: Dreadful weaving shapes slithered through the storm
toward him]

[Sidenote: Ward Harrison got himself into a barrel of trouble when he
accepted a job at the Martian Observation Station. There were fearful
"things" on Mars....]


The gleaming insignia stripes on Lieutenant Ward Harrison's broad
shoulders were less than two days old when he received his first
assignment.

"Lieutenant Harrison," his commanding officer said, glancing from the
papers he held in his hands to the young man who stood at attention
before his desk, "this will be your first touch of action since you were
commissioned. A lot depends on how you handle yourself."

"Yes sir," Ward answered. He straightened his already poker-straight
spine. His face was young and serious and intent. There was a blaze of
zeal in his blue eyes and grimness in the tightness of his jaw. But a
lock of blonde hair that fell over his forehead lent an incongruously
boyish cast to his grimly set features.

His commander, a Planetary Colonel, with thirty years of void experience
behind him, smiled slightly and looked down at the papers in his hands
again.

"Your training record has been excellent, Harrison," he said, "and I am
gratified to note that you apparently realize the seriousness of our
work." He leaned back in his chair, looked up at the young Lieutenant.
"It took science hundreds of years to lick the problem of crossing the
void of space to the outer planets. Now, that that much has been
accomplished, the task of exploring and possibly developing and
colonizing those planets is ahead of us. The most important part of that
work is up to men like you, Lieutenant Harrison. You are attached to the
meteorology department with the job of doing the preliminary analysis
and exploration on the various planets whose raw materials are essential
to Earth. Never for a minute underestimate the importance of that work."

Ward cleared his throat. "I won't sir."

"Good. There are other branches of the service that might seem more
glamorous, but all of them are dependent on your research and findings.
Without meteorological survey the entire network of space stations we
have established would have been impossible. And the need today for
accurate and thorough research on atmospheric conditions in the Universe
is greater than ever before. Always keep that in mind."

"I will, sir," Ward answered.

"Good," the colonel said. He ran a heavy hand through his silver-dusted
hair and then picked up again the sheaf of papers from his desk.

"Your first assignment is to one of our established observation stations
on Mars," he said.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward kept his face woodenly expressionless; but it was hard to conceal
his disappointment. He wanted adventure and danger. He wanted to prove
his courage and loyalty on some perilous journey to an uncharted,
unexplored area, and there was little hope for such action on an
established base.

"The station to which you are being sent," the colonel went on, "was
established three years ago by the man who is still in command there, a
civilian by the name of Thomas Halliday. He is alone there, now. His
assistant died about six months ago. You will act as Halliday's
assistant in atmospheric experimentation and in the collection of
meteorologic data. Despite the fact that he is a civilian you will take
your orders from him. Is that much clear?"

"Yes," Ward said. He had to fight to keep the bitterness he was feeling
from showing in his voice. He had been prepared for anything, but this
was too much to accept cheerfully. Serving on a dull, one-man base,
under the domination of a civilian, who had probably been rejected by
the regular service for timidity or incompetence, was a bitter pill to
swallow. Ward found a real, though illogical, resentment welling in him.
And the object of this resentment was Thomas Halliday.

"Thomas Halliday," the colonel said, "is a very careful, painstaking
meteorologist. He is completely dependable and reliable. The information
he has sent us to date is accurate and thorough. Moreover he is
extremely cautious." The colonel paused and frowned and his thick strong
fingers drummed irritably on the top of his desk.

"Damn it!" he said with sudden explosive impatience. "Sometimes I think
the man is too cautious. He's been there three years now and he still
hasn't sent us a complete report on conditions there. Caution and care
are fine qualities but, like all things, they can be overdone. We're
planning on erecting a large special base in his locality when we
finally get all the information. But we can't make a move until Halliday
comes through."

"Is there any reason why the research might have been delayed?" Ward
asked.

The colonel shook his head.

"Not as far as we know. Now don't get me wrong. I'm not damning any man
until I know all the facts. I'm not a pot-bellied, arm-chair admiral.
I've been in the void myself long enough to realize that you can't pass
judgment on a man's work until you've actually seen the situation he's
up against. You can't get the complete picture from a three hundred word
report. There may be other factors to consider that we here don't know
about. But Halliday's data isn't coming in fast enough and I'm taking
steps to get at the bottom of the trouble. I'm sending you there,
Harrison, because your record indicates that you're a go-getter. Maybe
what Halliday needs is a little more recklessness, a little more
impulsiveness and a lot less caution. I'm hoping that you will act as a
spur to Halliday. Think you're up to the job?"

Ward's eyes were flashing with excitement. His bitter disappointment had
vanished.

"I'll do my absolute best, sir," he said. The colonel's words had
crystallized his swiftly-formed animosity for this Thomas Halliday. The
man was obviously a timid creature without sufficient guts to do a man's
job. Ward felt an itching impatience to get started on this assignment.
He wanted to meet Thomas Halliday. He was very anxious to begin his new
duties as a spur to the man.

"Halliday hasn't given us much information about what he's discovered on
that section of Mars," the colonel said. "He's confined his reports
exclusively to atmospheric data. In his first report he mentioned that
the area was inhabited and I got the impression that he hadn't found the
natives particularly friendly. But since he hasn't mentioned them since,
I gather that he hasn't had any trouble with them....

"I guess that's about all, Lieutenant. This is an important job. And if
you find any reason for Halliday's delay in getting that job done, I
want you to flash me a message immediately. I'm putting a lot of
confidence in you, young man, but I don't think it's misplaced."

The colonel stood up and extended his hand.

"Good luck, son."

Ward took the older man's hand in a firm grip.

"Thank you, sir. I'll do everything I can to justify your confidence in
me."

He saluted, right-about-faced smartly and strode toward the door. The
colonel followed his straight young back with his eyes and there was a
smile of pride on his face. Lieutenant Ward Harrison, in the opinion of
the colonel, was definitely an excellent addition to the forces of
Earth.

Lieutenant Ward Harrison thought so himself, but he would have suffered
his tongue to be torn out before admitting it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Three days later, at 24:40 inter-Stellar time, Ward Harrison arrived at
the Earth observation base located in the uncharted, inaccessible area
on the southern plane of the planet, Mars.

As he flashed into the atmosphere of the planet he cut the rear
propulsion rockets of his slim single-seater and prepared to land. He
sighted the base's small cluster of buildings and the mooring tower in
his fore visi-screen and he made quick rapid adjustments on his
instrument panel as his slender ship slanted toward them in a screaming
dive....

When the nose of his ship made contact with a mooring socket, he set all
instruments at zero. He climbed to his feet and stretched wearily. Then
he walked to the sliding side door of the ship, released the air lock
and stepped out onto the ramp that flanked the mooring tower.

From this position, some two hundred feet above the ground, he had his
first look at the terrain of Mars. Great gray wastelands spread
endlessly in all four directions and the only break in this monotony was
a low ridge of hills on the far-distant eastern horizon.

Ward shivered slightly. He hadn't been prepared for anything this
depressing. The small group of squat buildings beneath him looked like
tiny objects adrift in a vast, terrible gray sea.

A man appeared at the door of the central building and Ward felt an
idiotic sensation of relief at the sight of a human, moving figure in
that dead, silent, gray terrain.

The man waved to Ward and walked from the doorway toward the base of the
mooring tower.

Ward descended to the ground in the small cage of the tower elevator. He
stepped out onto the soft, flaky soil of Mars as the man he had seen
from above came up to the tower.

"Lieutenant Harrison reporting for duty, sir," he said. He saluted and
noticed with a certain satisfaction the other's embarrassment at this
military recognition which he didn't deserve.

"My name is Halliday," the man said, after a short awkward pause. He
extended his hand. "I'm certainly glad to have you here, Lieutenant."

As Ward shook hands, he appraised the man carefully, and found nothing
in his examination to change his previously acquired opinion.

Thomas Halliday was small and stooped, with sallow features and
nervously shifting eyes, which looked startlingly large behind thick
strong glasses. His hair was thin and faded brown in color. There was a
peculiar tight look about his mouth and jaw, as if he were in a
continual state of faint exasperation.

This, thought Ward, was the man who had been holding up the development
of this area for three years. And, looking at him, it was easy to see
why.

Ward had his bag in his hand. Halliday, noticing it, asked, "Did you
bring any arms with you?"

Ward patted the raytube in the smart military holster at his hip.

"Just this," he said. He added drily, "Expecting trouble?"

"No," Halliday answered. His eyes shifted from Ward's and swept about in
a long inspection of the vast, sprawling, deserted terrain that
stretched away on all four sides like a boundless ocean.

"But," he added, "it's when you're not expecting trouble that you're
most likely to run into it."

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward smiled to himself as he followed Halliday's thin stooped figure to
the main building, a squat solid structure of heavy _duralloy_ steel,
with only one door and no windows at all.

The man was obviously a neurotic mass of nerves, or else he was
indulging in a bit of melodrama to impress his new assistant.

Halliday stepped aside at the door and Ward preceded him into the hot,
sparsely furnished room. Halliday followed him, closing the door behind
him and setting the mechanism of a powerful automatic lock before
turning to Ward with an apologetic little smile.

"You'll find it rather cramped at first," he said. "I'll sleep out here
and you can use the storeroom as a bedroom. That's all the living
quarters we have, excepting the kitchen, but I'm sure we'll manage."

Ward set his grip down and glanced about at the chart-covered walls, the
plain, badly scuffed furniture and he was not particularly enthused at
the prospect of being cooped up in this hot little oven of a room with
Halliday.

"What about the other buildings?" he asked. "Surely there'd be room
there for me to bunk."

"We use those building for equipment," Halliday said. "And besides, this
building is safer."

Ward glanced at the little man with a faint, ironic smile.

"Is there something here to be afraid of?" His tone was blandly polite,
but he could not completely conceal an undercurrent of contempt.

"I don't mean to alarm you, Lieutenant," Halliday said, "but this area
of Mars is not quite the safest place in the universe." He removed his
thick glasses with a nervous little gesture and smiled uncertainly at
Ward. "I really think it wiser for you to sleep here."

"Unless that's an order," Ward said, "I'd rather sleep in comfort in one
of the other buildings and take my chances on your bogy-men catching
me."

Halliday replaced his glasses. He was no longer smiling.

"I'm afraid, Lieutenant, you must consider it as an order."

He turned slowly and re-checked the huge gleaming lock on the door, then
walked to a littered, dusty desk in one corner of the room and sat down.
It was obvious that the discussion was ended.

Ward shrugged and carried his grip into a small windowless storeroom
that was directly off the main room of the small structure. There were
bales of supplies, a cot and a stool. A vague musty odor permeated the
air. He tossed his grip onto the cot, stripped off his tunic and walked
back into the room where Halliday was seated at his desk.

Halliday looked up with a smile and removed his glasses with a
characteristic nervous movement of his thin hands.

"Not exactly the choicest accommodations, eh?" he said, in an attempt at
heartiness, which struck Ward as being almost pathetic.

"I'll get by," Ward said. He loosened the collar of his shirt and
glanced at the massive steel door, closed and tightly locked. "Any
objection to letting in a little air?" he asked. "It's pretty close in
here."

       *       *       *       *       *

Halliday smiled and his eyes flicked to the closed door. He put his
glasses on again and spent quite a time adjusting them to his thin nose.

"I'm afraid we'll have to put up with the closeness," he said.

Ward sighed and sat down in a chair facing Halliday.

"You're afraid of something," he said bluntly. "Supposing you tell me
about it."

"As a matter of fact, I was meaning to," Halliday said. "You see, on
this section we're pretty well isolated from the rest of the Earth
stations on Mars. We receive all supplies and mail by a direct
materialization unit. No space craft puts in here. We're here all alone
and if anything happened to us all the data and work that has been
compiled might be lost."

As Halliday removed his glasses again with a quick aimless gesture, Ward
thought, "A lot you care about the records and data. It's your skin you
want to save."

Halliday coughed and replaced his glasses.

"This area is inhabited by a species of creature which I do not believe
has been classified. I do not know if they are human or if they possess
intelligence. I do not even know if they are 'alive' in the sense that
we speak of life. Possibly their energy is of electrical or
carboniferous origin, or it could be even vegetable in nature. As you
see I know little enough about these neighbors of ours, but I do know
that they are dangerous. They resent the work that is being done here."
Halliday frowned and twisted a pencil in his hands. "I'm not even sure
of that. Possibly they are without rational motivation at all. It may be
that they are merely moved to action by the sight of another object in
motion. But whatever their reason, they have been very troublesome.
That, really, is all I know about them. And that is the reason that I
exercise such care. I have a small periscope installed on the roof and
before I unlock the door I study the entire surrounding terrain to be
sure there are no Raspers in sight."

"Why do you call them Raspers?" Ward asked.

"Because of a peculiar sound that seems to emanate from them," Halliday
explained. "My former assistant and I had to call them something and
Raspers seemed as logical as anything else."

"Have you ever seen one of these--er--Raspers?" Ward asked.

"I'm not sure," Halliday said thoughtfully. He removed his glasses
again. "I've had two brushes with them, but I'm not sure that I saw them
distinctly either time. Possibly the picture that came to my mind,
later, was supplied by my imagination. But I know that there is
something very repellent and fearsome about them. I _felt_ that much."

Ward crossed his legs and lit a cigarette casually.

"Can these things be killed?" he asked.

"I don't know," Halliday answered. "The two chances I had I was too
scared to find out."

Ward felt a cold anger against this man growing in him. This man had
been entrusted with the task of surveying the atmospheric conditions of
this area--a vital, desperately necessary job--and he was dawdling
along, timidly hugging the cover of this fortress because of a stupid,
half-imaginary fear of the natives of the area. He felt his cheeks
growing hot.

"We can't stay cooped up here indefinitely," he said. "How about the
work we're supposed to be doing. Or does that bother you?"

       *       *       *       *       *

Halliday looked at him queerly and then dropped his eyes. He fiddled
nervously with his glasses.

Ward suddenly found the gesture maddening.

"For Pete's sake!" he exploded. "Leave 'em on, or leave 'em off, one or
the other. That's apparently your only job here, taking those damn
glasses off and putting them back on again."

"I'm sorry," Halliday said quickly, apologetically. "It's just a habit I
guess. It's a little something to break the nervous tension of being
here all alone, thinking...."

His voice trailed off and his hand moved nervously toward his glasses
and then fell back limply in his lap.

"About the work here," he said in a mild, controlled voice, "we are
forced to work on a definitely limited schedule. I have field apparatus
located at points several miles distant from here. But we can't venture
out to take the necessary readings until the weather is propitious."

"What's the weather got to do with our taking readings?" Ward demanded.

"Simply this: There are certain periods of intense precipitation on this
area of Mars. These periods are accompanied by high velocity winds. The
atmospheric disturbance reaches monsoon proportions. During such
periods, for some reason, the Raspers are exceptionally active.
Something in the nature of the monsoon reacts on them with very savage
results. They seem to feed on the electric disturbances in the
atmosphere. They go wild during these changes in the weather and search
for any moving thing to destroy. In some manner they are able to cover
enormous distances during the monsoon and they can travel with
incredible speed. When a monsoon is threatening I never leave the
station."

Ward listened in growing irritation to this explanation.

"How often do you have monsoons here?" he demanded.

"Unfortunately, quite often," Halliday answered. "All of my instruments
indicate now that one is brewing. I haven't been able to do more than a
few hours of work in the last two months. I've been waiting for the
weather to break, but so far it hasn't."

"Do you mean to tell me," Ward said incredulously, "that you've been
sitting here, twiddling your thumbs for the past two months because
you're afraid to take a chance on a wind blowing up?"

"That is exactly what I mean," Halliday said. "But it isn't the wind I'm
afraid of. It's the things that come with the wind that make any field
work impossible. I've learned a few things about the Raspers in my three
years and one is that it doesn't pay to give them a chance. That's all
they need. That's all they're waiting for."

Ward stood up impatiently and jammed his fists into his pockets. It took
all of his self control not to let his anger and contempt for the man
explode in roaring fury.

"I can't understand your attitude," he said at last, through tight lips.
"I'm green and new here. I don't know anything about the set-up except
what you've told me. But I know from your own admission that you've
never seen these things you're so mortally afraid of, you've never stood
up to them and given them a taste of ray juice to think about, you don't
really know anything about them, except that you're terrified of the
very thought of them. That isn't a reasonable attitude. Only one kind of
man thinks that way, and that's a man without a touch of starch in his
backbone, or a bit of honest-to-goodness guts in his make-up. If you
want to hug this place like a scared school-girl that's all right, but
I'll be double-damned if I'm going to let any superstitious nonsense
keep me from doing the job I was sent here to do."

"That is a very brave speech, Lieutenant," Halliday said, "and I admire
you for it. But you are going to do as I say in spite of your own
opinions. We will stay here and take no unnecessary chances until our
instruments indicate that the monsoon weather has passed. That is an
order."

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward choked back his wrath. He glared at Halliday for an instant, then
wheeled and strode into the small storeroom that was to serve as his
sleeping quarters. He banged the door shut and sat down on the edge of
the cot, his fingers opening and closing nervously.

He wasn't sure just what he'd do, but he didn't intend to stand for
Halliday's craven policy of hiding in a locked room, instead of doing
the work his country expected him to do. Halliday was a psychopathic
case; his mind was full of a hundred and one imagined horrors and they
kept him from doing his job. There was little wonder that he had been
three years attempting to compile the information that should have been
gathered in three months.

The man was so terrified of imagined dangers that he was helpless to
act. Ward felt a moment of pity for him, the pity the brave invariably
feel for the weak and cowardly. But he also felt a cold and bitter
contempt for the man who had allowed his own fear and timidity to hold
up the important work of accumulating data on this section of the
planet. If he wasn't man enough to do the job, he should have at least
been man enough to admit it.

Ward decided that the next day he'd have the thing out. He undressed
slowly and stretched out on the narrow cot, but sleep was a long time in
coming.

When he stepped from his room the next day he saw that Halliday was
standing in the doorway gazing out over the dull gray Martian landscape.

"Aren't you taking quite a chance?" he asked, with heavy sarcasm.

Halliday ignored the gibe. "No. I made a careful check before I released
the door lock and opened up. Did you sleep well?"

"Fair," Ward said. "How can you tell the days and nights here? Is there
ever any change in the sky?"

Halliday shook his head. "Sometimes it gets a little darker, sometimes
it's lighter. When you're tired you go to bed. That's the only standard
we have." He shaded his eyes with his hand and stared for a long moment
at the bleak, depressing horizon.

Looking over his shoulder, Ward noticed swirling humid mists drifting in
the air and, above, huge massive clouds of dense blackness were
gathering. He felt a peculiar electric tightness in the atmosphere.

Halliday closed and locked the door carefully.

"Might as well have breakfast," he said. "There's nothing else we can do
today."

"Do we have to stay cooped up here all day?" Ward asked.

"I'm afraid so. This weather is ready to break any minute now, and when
it does I intend to be behind a well-locked door."

Ward's lips curled slightly.

"Okay," he said quietly, "we'll wait for the monsoon to blow over. Then,
Raspers or not, I'm going to work."

       *       *       *       *       *

But four long days dragged by and there was no indication that the
monsoon weather was prepared to break. Low dense clouds were massed
overhead and the air was gusty with flurries of humid wind.

Halliday grew increasingly nervous. He spent every waking hour at the
periscope in a constant study of the dark horizons and he said little to
Ward.

Ward's impatience grew with every inactive moment.

"How much longer are we going to hide in here like scared rats?" he
blazed finally. He paced furiously up and down the small room, glaring
in rage at Halliday's stooped figure.

Halliday smiled nervously and removed his glasses. His fingers were
trembling so violently that he almost dropped them to the floor.

"I can't even guess," he said shakily. "I was hoping that the monsoon
would blow over, but I'm afraid we're in for it."

"You've been saying that ever since I arrived," Ward said bitterly.

Halliday was studying a _aerograph_ on the wall. When he turned to Ward,
his face was gray. His lips were more tightly clamped than ever.

"If anything should happen to our front door lock," he said, "there's an
exit we can use in the kitchen. Possibly you've noticed the small door
beside the refrigeration and oxygen unit. That leads to a small room
that can be locked from the inside. There are supplies there to last a
week. I didn't tell you this before because I was afraid it might alarm
you."

"Thanks for sparing my feelings," Ward snapped. "But I don't think I'll
be needing your cosy little refuge. I've stalled just about enough. I
was sent here to do a job and by Heaven I'm going to try and finish it."

He jerked his tunic from the back of a chair and scooped up his raytube
and belt. Halliday regarded him in silence as he buckled on the weapon.

"What do you think you're going to do?" he asked at last.

"First I'm going to flash a message to Earth, asking that I be placed in
command here," Ward said. He buttoned his tunic swiftly, and his eyes
were cold slits of anger as he looked at Halliday nervously fumbling
with his glasses. "I was sent here with instructions to find out what
the delay was in getting the work done. I've found out to my
satisfaction. You've done about one day's work for every month you've
spent cooped up in here, trembling every time the wind howled. When I
come back I'll have an authorization from GHQ to take over here
immediately. Then you and I are going to work and damn the weather. If
you don't want to cooperate," Ward slapped the weapon at his hip, "I'll
use what force is necessary to make you."

"Please listen to me," Halliday said desperately. "You're impulsive and
reckless and I admire you for it. Sometimes I wish I were more like
that. But I know the situation here better than you do. We'd be running
a terrible risk trying to work right at this time."

"Sure," Ward said, "We'd be running a risk. That's apparently your
entire philosophy. Sit tight, do nothing, because there might be a
slight risk involved."

He turned and strode to the door.

"Wait," Halliday cried. "You can't go out now."

Ward disengaged the lock with a swift deft motion.

"Who's going to stop me?" he asked.

Halliday crossed to his side with quick, pattering strides. He grabbed
him by the arm and pulled him around.

"Please listen to me," he said imploringly. "I know what I'm talking
about. I--"

Ward shook the hand loose and stared coldly into Halliday's, white
strained features.

"You're gutless, Halliday," he said in a low tense voice. "Now keep out
of my way."

He turned to the door again, but Halliday grabbed him suddenly and
pushed him back.

"You're not going to do it," he cried, his voice trembling. "I'm not
going to let you."

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward grabbed the man by his lapels and swung him away from the door. He
stepped close to him and his right fist chopped down in a savage
axe-like stroke. The short, powerful blow exploded under Halliday's
chin. His knees buckled and he sprawled limply to the floor.

Ward stared down at the still form and he felt an instant of regret for
striking a man fifty pounds lighter than himself, but he realized that
it had been the only course open.

He drew his raytube, inspected it quickly to make sure that it was in
perfect order, then swung open the door and stepped out into the gray
murkiness of the Martian atmosphere.

The wind had increased to a wild mad scream. Flaky particles of soil
stung his face like myriad needle-pricks as he braced himself against
the buffeting force of the gale.

He couldn't see more than a few feet ahead of him, but he knew the
general direction of the building which housed the materialization unit
and he headed that way, bent almost double against the wind.

He heard and saw nothing but the wild wail of the monsoon and the gray
swirling murk. There was an awesome feeling in staggering blindly on
through a dead gray world of howling dust-laden wind.

He felt as if he were the only person left alive in the universe. But he
plowed stubbornly forward. There was work to be done and he felt a grim
exaltation in the knowledge that he had enough fortitude to let nothing
stop him from doing his job.

Hell! What was a little wind? This thought came to him and he smiled
grimly. He'd show Halliday! He'd show 'em all! Nothing was going to stop
him!

There was a peculiar crackling sound in the air about him, as if bolts
of unseen lightning were slashing through the turbulent atmosphere, but
he forged ahead. He knew there was little danger of an electric bolt
striking him as long as he was out in the open.

The distance to the goal was not a matter of a dozen yards or so, but it
took him fully five minutes to cover the stretch. He had trouble
breathing; each breath was snatched from his open mouth by the fury of
the wind. And his eyes were rimmed with dust and streaming from the
stinging bite of the flaky soil.

When he reached the wall of the building he was sobbing for breath and
blind from the whiplash of the wind. He sagged against the comfortable
bulk of the squat, solid structure and wiped at his eyes with a
handkerchief, but the wind soon tore the flimsy cloth from his fingers.

There was nothing to do but find the door of the building as quickly as
possible. Using his hands as groping feelers he staggered around two
corners of the buildings until his fingers closed about a door knob.

The gale was increasing in intensity; the roaring lash of the wind was
wild and explosive, as if the floodgates of Nature had swung open to
unleash this maelstrom of fury and destruction.

The sputtering crackle of electric energy he had noticed seemed to be
swelling in volume, rising steadily in pitch and fury. And then a new
sound was added to the hideous cacophony. Ward heard it faintly at first
and it failed to register on his consciousness.

The new sound was an unearthly rasping noise that roared about his head
and crashed against his ear drums with terrifying impact. The sound
seemed everywhere; it seemed to emanate from the unleashed forces of the
storm itself; its marrow-chilling, rasping moan was a demoniacal cry,
screaming a weird defiance into the teeth of the mighty monsoon.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward, hugging the building, heard the rasping sound, and he remembered
what Halliday had told him. Crouched against the side of the structure,
listening to that weird, desolate wail of unnamable horror, he felt his
heart thudding with sudden fear against his ribs.

The door of the building was jammed. He slammed his shoulder against its
solid unyielding surface again and again--without avail! The harrowing
rasping undertone of the crushing gale was growing and swelling--it
seemed to be converging on him from all sides, a creation of the gray
whining murk of the monsoon.

Ward's hand tightened on the butt of his raytube. He wheeled about,
pressing his back to the wall of the building. His eyes raked the
swirling turbulence of the storm.

And through the raging, eddying mists of gray his wind-lashed eyes made
out dreadful, weaving shapes, slithering through the fury of the
storm--toward him!

An instinctive scream tore at the muscles of his throat, but the wind
whipped the sound from his mouth and cast it into the gale before it
could reach his ears.

He crouched and raised his gun.

The shapes were vague misty illusions to his straining eyes. Then a
blanket of wind swept over him, buffeting him against the wall at his
back, and in a momentary flick of visibility that followed the blast, he
was able to see the _things_ that were advancing toward him.

There was one nauseous, sense-stunning instant of incredible horror as
his eyes focused on the nameless monstrosities that were revealed in the
gray mists of the monsoon.

One instant of sheer numbing horror, an instinct a billion years old,
buried beneath centuries' weight in his subconscious, suddenly writhed
into life, as pulsing and compelling as the day it had been generated.

The lost forgotten instincts of man's mind that warn him of the horror
and menace of the unknown, the nameless, the unclean, were clamoring
wildly at his consciousness.

For these _things_ were hideous and repellent in their very essence.
Whether they were alive or not, his numbed, horror-stunned brain would
never know. The dry, rustling rasping sound that emanated from them
seemed to partake of the same nature as the electrical energy generated
by the monsoon, but that was only a fleeting, terror-strained
impression.

The raytube fell from his palsied hand; but he didn't notice. There was
only one blind motivation governing his thoughts.

And that was flight!

The unreasoning terror of the hunted, of the helpless, gripped him with
numbing force. There was no thought in his mind to fight, to face these
things that emerged from the dead grayness of the monsoon, but only a
hideously desperate desire to escape.

       *       *       *       *       *

Without conscious thought or volition his legs suddenly churned beneath
him and he lunged forward blindly, desperately, lurching through the
buffeting force of the gale toward the sanctuary of the building where
he had left Halliday.

The rasping, nerve-chilling sound roared about his head and the lashing
screech of the monsoon was a banshee-wail in his ears as he stumbled and
staggered on, driven by the wildest, most elemental fear he had ever
known.

Suddenly the squat structure loomed directly ahead of him, only a yard
away. The door was standing ajar, and, with a broken sob of relief, he
lunged into the lighted interior of the room.

Halliday was crawling dazedly to his feet as Ward staggered blindly
through the door, his breath coming in great choking sobs.

"My God--"

Halliday's voice broke and Ward saw that his eyes were staring in horror
beyond him, to the still open door where the gray swirling fury of the
monsoon was creeping in.

And other _things_ were in the open doorway!

Ward knew that without turning to look. The horror mirrored in
Halliday's face told him that more plainly than could his own eyes.

There was horror and fear in Halliday's face, but the tightness of his
lips did not relax into the flaccid looseness of hysteria.

With superhuman control he was keeping a grip on himself.

"Don't move!" he snapped, through set jaws. "I'll try to get at the
rifle."

Ward's heart was thundering a tattoo of terror. Halliday's words made no
impression on the horror-stunned brain. He lunged wildly across the
room, dimly he heard Halliday's sudden shouted warning.

Without a backward glance he lurched into the small room that served as
a kitchen. Through the fog of terror that swirled about his mind, he
remembered only one thing: Halliday's remark of a refuge built there for
emergency purposes.

His fingers tore open the small door alongside the refrigerator unit. A
black passage stretched ahead of him and he plunged into dark shelter,
jerking the door shut after him.

A light snapped on when the door closed and he saw that he was in a
small, stoutly reinforced storeroom, with bales of supplies and
equipment packed against the walls.

He threw the heavy bolt that locked the door and sagged against a wall,
his breath coming in deep shuddering gasps. There was no sound from
outside. Gradually his labored breathing subsided and he stared with
dull, unseeing eyes ahead of him.

And in that moment Ward Harrison came face-to-face with what he had
done. In a single gleaming flash of understanding, he realized that he
had bought his life with his honor.

A shuddering sob passed through his body.

He remembered with scalding self-hatred the things he had said to
Halliday--a man who had endured the horror of this isolated base for
three years. He had called a man cowardly who had more courage in his
smallest finger than Ward had in his entire body.

Halliday had stuck here, doing his job, making no complaints or excuses,
always aware of the horrible, soul-numbing danger he was facing.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ward cursed and buried his face in his trembling hands. With bitter
shame he recalled his jeering remarks to Halliday about his nervous
habit of removing his glasses.

_God!_ Three years on this hellish base and the only sign a nervous
habit of fiddling with his glasses. Stark raving madness would have been
the effect on any other person Ward could imagine.

At that instant he despised himself more than he had ever despised any
human being in his life.

And he knew that the worst punishment that would ever be meted to him,
would be the mere act of living and being able to think--to remember.

With feverish eyes he glared about the room. A small leaden cask was set
apart from the other equipment and it was marked with three xxx's, the
indication of high explosive contents.

Ward dropped to his knees and pried open the lid of the small cask. It
was filled with neat rows of U-235 pellets, hardly an inch in diameter.
He picked up one in each hand and then stood up and walked to the door.

He was beyond thought or reason. He knew he was going to his death and
he felt nothing but a numb sense of anticipation. He knew that in dying
he would not expiate the crime of cowardice he had committed. Nothing
would ever erase the stigma of that shame. A thousand deaths could not
do that.

He did not actually think these things. His mind was wrapped in a fog of
blind instinct. There was something he must do--do immediately. That was
as far as his mind would go.

The kitchen and front room of the small building were empty and the door
leading to the outside was open. The wild raging storm of the monsoon
blew in the door, whipping papers into the air, resounding against the
walls with a booming roar.

Ward strode across the room, bracing himself against the blast of the
wind. He stepped through the doorway and the full force of the wind
almost bent him backward, but he moved on, fighting his way forward.

After six feet, the building was lost in the grayness. He was again
alone in a wild howling world of horror and death.

Then he heard the rasping noise of the _things_ directly ahead of him,
and an instant later he was able dimly to make out their weaving shapes
in the swirling mists of the storm.

They were coming toward him.

       *       *       *       *       *

With a grim exultation pounding in his temples, Ward hurled a pellet of
U-235 directly into their midst. The thunderous reverberations of the
explosion rocked the ground under his feet. A terrific blast of air that
dwarfed the raging turbulence of the monsoon roared about his head.

He staggered back, almost falling.

When he could see again, he made out a great hole in the ranks of the
_things_ moving toward him.

His laugh was a wild cry in the fury of the night.

"Damn you!" he shouted.

His arm whipped back and the second pellet crashed into the serried
ranks of the deadly rasping creatures.

Something grasped his ankle as the second pellet exploded. He fell
backward, striking the ground hard. A hand grabbed his and then,
miraculously, incredibly, Halliday was pulling him to his feet, jerking
him toward the building.

They stumbled through the door together. Ward fell to the floor as
Halliday wheeled and slammed the door, throwing the automatic bolts with
the same motion.

Halliday knelt beside Ward.

"Good work," he said huskily. "They were holding me. I don't know what
they were planning. Those bombs blew them into little pieces. Luckily I
got through the blast all right." He gripped Ward's arm suddenly. "You
came through too, son."

"No," Ward said dully. "I didn't. I ran out on you. I'm a fool, a yellow
fool."

"A coward wouldn't have come back," Halliday said quietly. "We're going
to lick this job together, from now on. We've found a weapon to use
against the Raspers. I never thought of high explosives."

He grinned suddenly and the tightness was leaving his mouth. "It doesn't
seem so terrible when you've got something to fight back with."

Ward looked up at Halliday and a faint smile touched his own lips.
"Some_one_ to fight with, means a lot, too," he said. He suddenly
grinned. "You've lost your glasses."

"I won't miss them," Halliday said. "I didn't need them. I wore them to
give me something to do, that's all. But we're going to have plenty to
do, now."

Ward swallowed with difficulty. He knew that in his wild, thoughtless
act of heroism he hadn't redeemed himself. Redemption would come from a
lifetime of playing the game the way men like Halliday did. But the
chance was there for him, and he was glad that he could start
immediately.

"Whatever you say," he said. He grinned, and added, "--boss."





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Monsoons of Death, by Gerald Vance

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MONSOONS OF DEATH ***

***** This file should be named 32618.txt or 32618.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/3/2/6/1/32618/

Produced by Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.


Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.


Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
