(Stephanie95)Stephanie Horton





Heed Thy Parents Warnings!


The Dangers of Halloween.





Chapter 1





Teens do yourselves a favor and always listen to your parents when they tell you not to go out alone at night. Especially on the night of All Hallows Eve. For you see that is the night the monsters come out. Don't you dare say I didn't warn you.



I am Sapphire Angel and last Halloween I decided I didn't want to Trick or Treat with my Mom and little brother so I went with some of my other teenage friends. We were going as a group of scary female monsters.



I was a Vampire, my friend Charlotte was going as a Demon, and my friend Canny was going as a female werewolf. We were an incredibly small group of friends but we thought we would be safe since there were always a lot of adults around on Halloween. If only we had known that we couldn't be more wrong.



It was about an hour before Trick or Treating was about to start when my friends came over so we could put the finishing touches on our costumes. My friends put sparkling make up on every visible inch of my skin, curled my hair, and had me put on startling crimson contacts. Charlotte put on the same contacts and a bunch makeup that made her look positively evil. Canny put on makeup that made her look hairy and contacts that made her eyes look filmy white like a blind and crazy person.



When we came out of my room my parents just gaped at us. "What?" I said annoyed at the staring. "Dear if we didn't know better we would think that you girls were the real creatures." My mom said in disbelief. "Thanks Mom I love you." "Love you too dear." "Well we're heading out now." "Okay be safe." "When am I not Mom?" I say as my girls and I head out the door.



When we went outside we were met by many of our friends from school. "Hey guys what's up?" We say together. "Sam is holding a huge Halloween party later and everyone in school is invited." "The Sam as in the most popular, rich, and stuck up girl in our school?" "Yeah." "Awesome we'll be there." "Okay see you girls later." "Later."





Chapter 2





I called my Mom and told her that we had been invited to a Halloween party by a classmate. She said, "Okay but be home by midnight." "I will Mom don't worry." I said before hanging up the phone. Oh how wrong I was.



We went around Trick or Treating only at the houses of the neighbors we trusted. Each time receiving compliments for our costumes. Such as "Oh how beautiful, they look so real, and great job girls."



When we finished Trick or treating there was still an hour before the party started. So we decide to go to the local haunted house.



I must admit the people who set up this house did a wonderful job their were vampires, witches, werewolves, demons, and killers among other

things. At every twist and turn there was something to scare you.



The killer acted like an insane maniac. So everyone got to experience what it's like to be in a slasher film. They had actors play Freddy and Jason. It was like a live horror film.



They even had a mirror where if you chanted Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary an actress came out and pretended to claw your eyes out and you could even get pulled into the mirror.



In short it was totally awesome. by the time we got out we couldn't wait to get to that party and with normal people in costumes. When I looked at my watch I noticed it was almost time for the party.



Chapter 3





When we got there everyone greeted us happily. Sam came up to us dressed as a gothic princess and said. “Welcome girls to my Halloween party have fun, mingle, and enjoy our refreshments.” “Yeah thanks for inviting us.” “No problem.” We talked to Sam about annoying teachers, too much homework, and boys.



Not long after some boys decided to come and ask us to dance. My school crush Joey Witchlight dressed as a male vampire came and asked me to dance. “Our costumes match Angel.” “I noticed but why do you care?” “I really like you after the party I want to show you something.” I like the lovesick schoolgirl I was agreed with anything he said.



Looking over his shoulder I noticed the same thing was happening with my best friends. They were dancing with their crushes who like mine were wearing costumes that matched their own. Now I wish that we were not so naïve and love struck.



For it was our undoing. We danced the night away in our crushes arms. Ate way to much candy. Not to mention drank too much punch which we later found was spiked.





At the end of the party which was at Eleven O'clock PM our crushes took us outside and into a dark alleyway. By now my girls and I were getting very scared. We we turned to look at the boys they seemed to have turned into monsters.



My crush Joey turned out to be a real vampire.



Chapter 4





Charlottes crush was a real Demon whose name we found out was Diablo. Canny's Crush whose name is Nathan was a werewolf.



We barely had time to scream before they attacked us. When Joey bit me I let out a blood curdling scream. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" He stopped biting me and watched as I writhed and screamed in pain. The transformation had begun.



My friends saw me and froze in horror letting out blood curdling screams of their own when their crushes went after them.



Diablo put his hands on Charlotte and her body burst into flames making her scream. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." As she rolled around trying to put herself out.



Canny finally snapped out of it and tried to run. But unfortunantly Nathan was too fast for her and bit her





before she could even move. Making her scream out in pain before collasping into a whimpering heap on the ground.



We continued to feel the pain for several hours before it finally stopped. We had become the creatures we went as. I was a vampire with no heart beat and a lust for blood. I felt terrible for it and I still do. But in the end I still ended up with the man I love and I will never regret that.



You could ask Charlotte and Canny the same thing and they will answer much like I did. But as a final warning go out Trick or Treating in big groups and always with an adult.





Publication Date: May 7th 2013



https://www.bookrix.com/-stephanie95





