I 



ENTRANCE TO YASNAYA POLYANA. 
COUNT TOLSTOY'S ESTATE 



THE HARVARD CLASSICS 

SHELF OF FICTION 

SELECTED BY CHARLES W ELIOT LL D 



ANNA KARENIN 

VOLUME I 
BY 

LEO TOLSTOY 

TRANSLATED BY CONSTANCE GARNETT 




EDITED WITH NOTES AND INTRODUCTIONS 
BY WILLIAM ALLAN NEILSON Ph D 



P F COLLIER & SON 
NEW YORK 



ARKADY VINOKUROFF 

2501 BETHARD3 DR. 

SANTA ROSA. CA 954C5 



Published under special arrangement with \Vm. Heinemann, 

Publisher, London, for the United States 

and Canada rights 

Copyright, 191 7 
By P. F. Collier & Son 



CONTENTS 

AXXA KARENIN 

PAGE 

Biographical Note v 

Criticisms and Interpretations: 

I. By Emile Melciiior. Vicomte de Vogue . . ix 

II. By Charles Edward Turner x 

III. By Matthew Arnold xii 

IV. By Leo Wiener xiii 

V. By William Dean Howells xiv 

VI. By Edward Garnett xvii 

VII. From "The Nation" xix 

VIII. By Maurice Baring xx 

List of Characters xxiii 

PART I 

Chapter I i 

Chapter II 4 

Chapter III 8 

Chapter IV 13 

Chapter V 19 

Chapter VI 28 

Chapter VII 31 

Chapter VIII 34 

Chapter IX 37 

Chapter X 44 

Chapter XI 52 

Chapter XII 57 

Chapter XIII 62 

Chapter XIV 65 

Chapter XV 72 

Chapter XVI 75 

Chapter XVII 77 

Chapter XVIII 81 

Chapter XIX 87 

Chapter XX 94 

Chapter XXI 98 

i 
P— I 



ii CONTENTS 

PART I— Continued 

PAGE 

Chapter XXII loi 

Chapter XXIII 106 

Chapter XXIV iii 

Chapter XXV 116 

Chapter XXVI 122 

Chapter XXVII 126 

Chapter XXVIII 129 

Chapter XXIX 132 

Chapter XXX 136 

Chapter XXXI 139 

Chapter XXXII 143 

Chapter XXXIII 146 

Chapter XXXIV 150 

PART II 

Chapter I 155 

Chapter II 159 

Chapter III 163 

Chapter IV 167 

Chapter V 171 

Chapter VI i75 

Chapter VII 181 

Chapter VIII 187 

Chapter IX 191 

Chapter X 195 

Chapter XI 196 

Chapter XII 199 

Chapter XIII . . .' 203 

Chapter XIV 210 

Chapter XV 215 

Chapter XVI 219 

Chapter XVII 224 

Chapter XVIII 229 

Chapter XIX 231 

Chapter XX 235 

Chapter XXI 239 

Chapter XXII 245 

Chapter XXIII 251 

Chapter XXIV 254 

Chapter XXV 260 

Chapter XXVI 266 

Chapter XXVII 271 



CONTENTS ai 

PART U—Conti)iued 

PAGE 

Chapter XXVIII 274 

Chapter XXIX 279 

Chapter XXX 284 

Chapter XXXI 288 

Chapter XXXII 292 

Chapter XXXIII 297 

Chapter XXXIV 302 

Chapter XXXV 308 

PART III 

Chapter I 3^4 

Chapter II 318 

Chapter III 321 

Chapter IV 328 

Chapter V 334 

Chapter VI 340 

Chapter VII 344 

Chapter VIII 348 

Chapter IX 353 

Chapter X 3S6 

Chapter XI 361 

Chapter XII 365 

Chapter XIII 369 

Chapter XIV 376 

Chapter XV 381 

Chapter XVI 387 

Chapter XVII 39i 

Chapter XVIII 396 

Chapter XIX 401 

Chapter XX 405 

Chapter XXI 409 

Chapter XXII 416 

Chapter XXIII 422 

Chapter XXIV 426 

Chapter XXV 430 

Chapter XXVI 434 

Chapter XXVII 439 

Chapter XXVIII 446 

Chapter XXIX 451 

Chapter XXX 456 

Chapter XXXI 460 

Chapter XXXII 465 



iv CONTENTS 

PART IV 

PAGE 

Chapter I 469 

Chapter II 472 

Chapter III 475 

Chapter IV 481 

Chapter V 485 

Chapter VI 491 

Chapter VII 493 

Chapter VIII 500 

Chapter IX 503 

Chapter X S12 

Chapter XI 517 

Chapter XII 519 

Chapter XIII 524 

Chapter XIV 528 

Chapter XV 533 

Chapter XVI 537 

Chapter XVII 541 

Chapter XVIII 549 

Chapter XIX 554 

Chapter XX 561 

Chapter XXI 564 

Chapter XXII 568 

Chapter XXIII 574 



BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE 

IEO NIKOLAEVITCH TOLSTOY, the greatest of 
. Russian novelists and most influential of Russian 
^ thinkers, was born on his ancestral estate of Yasnaya 
Polyana, near Toula, a hundred miles due south of Moscow, 
on September 9, 1828. His father, Count Nicholas Tolstoy, 
died when Leo was less than ten; his mother, six years 
earlier. 

After the death of his parents, he was taken care 
of by his aunts; and at fifteen he entered the University 
of Kazan. Though he took part in the social pleasures of 
the town, Tolstoy's years at the university were neither 
satisfactory nor very profitable, and before he was nine- 
teen he gave up his studies and returned to the family 
estates. 

He had been reading Rousseau and he attempted to put 
some of that philosopher's theories into practice, seeking 
to live according to Nature and to ameliorate the condition 
of the peasantry. But the difficulties were too great for 
his inexperience, and he went to St. Petersburg and tried 
the study of law, but without success. After a few years 
at home, devoted to the amusements of a country gentle- 
man, he joined his brother Nicholas, then stationed with his 
regiment in the Caucasus. Here he entered the army, and 
in the intervals of expeditions against Circassian bandits 
he began his literary career with the first part of his 
autobiographical "Childhood, Boyhood, and Youth." When 
the Crimean War broke out, he volunteered for active 
service, and joined the army of Prince Gortchakov on the 
Danube. Thence he went to Sebastopol, where he took 
part in the defense of the citadel and reached the rank of 
divisional commander. His "Tales from Sebastopol" give 
a vivid picture of his experiences, and their publication 
brought him at once a great reputationi On his return 

V 



vi BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE 

to St. Petersburg he was warmly received in literary 
circles, but his satisfaction in his social success did not last 
long. 

In 1855, Alexander II became Czar, and initiated the 
progressive policy which led to the emancipation of the serfs. 
Tolstoy's interest in the welfare of the laborers of the soil 
reawakened, and he set out to study educational methods 
in western Europe. On his return he set up at Yasnaya 
Polyana a free school in which the children were sub- 
jected to no sort of compulsion, and the whole burden of 
attracting and holding their attention was placed on the 
teachers, of whom Tolstoy himself was one. The experi- 
ment lasted only two years, but he continued his work among 
the peasantry, acting for a time as '"Arbitrator" under the 
new Emancipation Law. 

His marriage in 1862 to Sophia Andreevna Behrs, a 
beautiful and cultivated girl of eighteen, the daughter of 
an army doctor, corrected for a time the depression which 
he suffered at the contemplation of the wrongs of the 
people. For a time he became absorbed in domestic life, 
taking part in the education of his children, of whom he 
had fifteen. 

During the years of his educational and sociological 
experimenting he had done little writing; but now he 
resumed fiction, and produced after several years' labor, 
his two greatest novels, "War and Peace" (1864-1869), 
a study of the Napoleonic campaign in Russia, and "Anna 
Karenin" (1876). The relations of Levin and Kitty in the 
latter are substantially those of himself and his wife. 
Writing did not come easy to him, and he revised and cor- 
rected and rewrote again and again, his wife and daughters 
making fair copies of the successive drafts. Some chapters 
he rewrote as often as ten times. 

Meantime he continued to take seriously his duties as 
a landowner, finding his recreation in hunting and tennis, 
and, when he was run down, going off to Samara for the 
koumiss cure. In this district he became much interested 
in the Molochans, a religious sect, who rejected the 
ceremonies of the Greek Church and took the Bible as 
their sole guide, and he bought an estate in their neigh- 



BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE vil 

borhood. During a famine which occurred while he 
was there, he exerted himself on behalf of the starving 
peasants. 

As he approached the age of fifty, Tolstoy became more 
immersed in religious problems. For a time he had passed 
from the skepticism of his youth to the piety and devotion of 
an Orthodox Greek Churchman ; but the prayers he heard 
from the priests during the Russo-Turkish War so revolted 
him that he abandoned the church altogether. Seeking the 
peace of mind which he believed the peasants possessed, he 
attempted to adopt their mode of life and toiled daily in the 
fields ; he gave up tobacco, alcohol, and meat, and made his 
watchword '"Simplicity." His property he made over to his 
wife and family, though he continued to live with them. His 
publications became more and more concerned with religion 
and ethics, and what fiction he wrote was made a vehicle for 
his teaching, "My Confession" describes the history of his 
beliefs down to 1882 ; other writings of the later period include 
'•What I Believe," "What to Do," "On Life," "The Kreutzer 
Sonata," "The Kingdom of God is Within You," and "What 
is Art?" His last important novel was "Resurrection," writ- 
ten in aid of the Doukhobors, whom he sought to save from 
persecution. In this book he attacked the Orthodox Church 
and was formally excommunicated in 1901. In 1910 he de- 
cided to leave his family and suddenly set out from Yasnaya 
Polyana ; but he was seized with pneumonia on the journey 
and died at Astapovo on November 20. His death deprived 
Europe of its most conspicuous man of letters and of a teacher 
whose message, however far from modern practice, was 
listened to by men of all nations almost as the utterance of 
inspiration. 

"Anna Karenin" is the most widely known of Tolstoy's 
works and is generally regarded as his artistic masterpiece. 
It exhibits favorably his peculiar realism — a realism which 
consists not merely in the accuracy of literal description of 
actual types and conditions, but in an essential truthfulness 
which refuses to yield to the pressure of doctrine or the 
enticements of sentiment. While the central situation is 
familiar enough, it would be hard to find a treatment of it of 
so remarkable an impartiality; while the characters are laid 



viii BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE 

bare without ceasing to be convincing living beings. The 
society and the background are, as always, purely Russian ; 
but the human nature on which the action depends is uni- 
versal. It is one of the great novels of the world. 

"Ivan the Fool" is a favorable example of the short stories 
of Tolstoy's later period, written to teach specific doctrines. 
It all but passes from the sphere of fiction into that of 
parable, and it presents with extraordinary force and skill 
the extreme form of nonresistance. 

VV. A. N.. 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

I 

By Emile INIelchior de Vogue 

TOLSTOY'S troubled, vacillating mind, obscured by the 
mists of Nihilism, is by a singular and not infrequent 
contradiction endowed with an unparalleled lucidity 
and penetration for the scientific study of the phenomena of 
life. He has a clear, analytical comprehension of every- 
thing upon the earth's surface, of man's internal life as well 
as of his exterior nature : first of tangible realities, then the 
play of his passions, his most volatile motives to action, the 
slightest disturbances of his conscience. This author might 
be said to possess the skill of an English chemist with the 
soul of a Hindu Buddhist. Whoever will undertake to account 
for that strange combination will be capable of explaining 
Russia herself. 

Tolstoy maintains a certain simplicity of nature in the 
society of his fellow-beings which seems to be impossible to 
the writers of our country ; he observes, listens, takes in 
whatever he sees and hears, and for all time, with an exact- 
ness which we cannot but admire. Not content with describ- 
ing the distinctive features of the general physiognomy of 
society, he resolves them into their original elements with the 
most assiduous care ; always eager to know how and where- 
fore an act is produced ; pursuing the original thought behind 
the visible act, he does not rest until he has laid it bare, tear- 
ing it from the heart with all its secret roots and fibres. 
Unfortunately, his curiosity will not let him stop here. Of 
those phenomena which offer him such a free field w^hen he 
studies them by themselves, he wishes to know the origin, 
and to go back to the most remote and inaccessible causes 
which produced them. Then his clear vision grows dim, 
the intrepid explorer loses his foothold and falls into the 

ix 



X CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

abyss of philosophical contradictions. Within himself, and 
all around him he feels nothing but chaos and darkness; to 
fill this void and illuminate the darkness, the characters 
through which he speaks have recourse to the unsatisfactory 
explanations of metaphysics, and, finally, irritated by these 
pedantic sophistries, they suddenly steal away, and escape 
from their own explanations. 

Gradually, as Tolstoy advances in life and in his work, he 
is more and more engulfed in doubt; he lavishes his coldest 
irony upon those children of his fancy who try to believe 
and to discover and apply a consistent system of morality. 
But under this apparent coldness you feel that his heart sobs 
out a longing for what he cannot find, and thirsts for things 
eternal. Finally, weary of doubt and of search, convinced 
that all the calculations of reason end only in mortifying 
failure, fascinated by the mysticism which had long lain in 
wait for his unsatisfied soul, the Nihilist suddenly throws 
himself at the feet of a Deity — and of what a Deity we shall 
see hereafter. — From '"Tolstoy," in "The Russian Novelists," 
translated by J. L. Edmands (1887). 

II 

By Charles Edward Turner 

THE germ of Count Tolstoy's novel "Anna Karenin" is 
to be found in one of his earlier tales, entitled "Family 
Happiness." In both we have the sole basis and surest 
guarantee of home-life set forth, and both teach the necessity 
of recognising the prosaic seriousness of life, and the danger 
of abandoning ourselves to the vague dreams and unsub- 
stantial illusions to youth. The happiness of Marie Alex- 
androvna, the young wife of the staid Sergei Michaelovitch, 
is as nearly wrecked through the childish idea that marriage 
is nothing less than an idyll, a perpetual song of love, as the 
peace of poor Anna Karenin is completely destroyed through 
her wilful forgetfulness that human nature requires more 
solid nourishment than mere passion can afford, and that 
love, so far from being a blessing, becomes a hindrance to 
our spiritual development, from the moment we allow it to 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xi 

usurp the place of duty, and make it the one paramount law 
of our being. We should do wrong to attribute the dis- 
enchantment that gradually came over the life of Marie, and 
made her fretful and discontented, to the disparity of years 
that existed between the child-wife, with the unknown world 
lying before her, and the comparatively aged husband, who 
has tasted its pleasures and proved their hollowness, and is 
consequently the better able to protect and shield her from 
the temptations and thousand dangers that beset a young 
and inexperienced wife. In the same way, we shall equally 
err if we try to trace the miseries of Anna Karenin to the 
disparity of tastes, ideas, and inclinations, that rendered it 
so hard for the dreamy, passionate, impulsive wife to under- 
stand or sympathise with the cold, formal, precise nature of 
her bureaucratic husband, with the eternal portcfcidlle under 
his arm, and the dry, prosy government returns and reports, 
that formed his exclusive reading and occupied his every 
thought. It is, rather, in their mistaken conception of the 
true work of life — to discover which is the end and purpose 
of all Count Tolstoy's elaborate studies of human character 
— that we shall find the real source of their disappointments 
and disillusions. Pure passion is an exotic, that can grow 
naturally and flourish only in a sphere different from our 
own. They who would transplant it in the cold, hard soil of 
earth, may for a brief moment find delight in its ethereal 
beauty, but the frail plant, lacking its native nourishment, 
will quickly perish and decay. 

As we have already seen. Count Tolstoy's moral theory is 
based on the mutual relation between human happiness and 
the eternal, all-powerful laws of Nature. By obedience to 
them man can alone attain to his highest felicity. The 
violation of these laws as infallibly brings with it misery 
and ruin. And never has this lesson been taught with 
sterner and more unpitying force than by the author of 
*'Anna Karenin." "Vengeance is mine, and I will repay," is 
the motto prefixed to the novel. And as we read the story, 
we feel throughout the overhanging presence of an inex- 
orable power that shapes out the lives of men, allotting to 
them peace or discord, according as they submit to or rebel 
against their fate. Not that we are to suppose, as M. 



xii CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

Vogiie and certain critics appear to think, that Count Ttolstoy 
is. in the ordinary acceptation of the term, a fatalist. In his 
view of life the Parcae do not spin the threads of each con- 
crete, individual existence, but the threads of those general, 
abstract laws which envelop and surround universal human 
life. We can bring our own lives, if we will, into harmony 
with those laws. We are not, like CEdipus, the blind slaves 
of a fate that has ordained beforehand the crimes we are 
to commit, and the punishment those crimes involve, and 
from which there is no hope or possibility of escape. Anna 
Karenin could have escaped her ruin; it was within her 
power to control the wild impulses of her nature ; but in 
yielding to lawless passion, and sacrificing everything to its 
satisfaction, she necessarily and inevitably brought upon her- 
self the vengeance with which any outrage committed 
against the high laws of Nature is justly and righteously 
repaid. — From "Count Tolstoy as Novelist and Thinker" 
(1888). 

Ill 

By Matthew Arnold 

THERE are many characters in "Anna Karenin" — too 
many if we look in it for a work of art in which the 
action shall be vigorously one, and to that one action 
everything shall converge. There are even two main actions 
extending throughout the book, and we keep passing from 
one of them to the other — from the affairs of Anna and 
Vronsky to the affairs of Kitty and Levin. People appear 
in connection with these two main actions whose appearance 
and proceedings do not in the least contribute to develop 
them; incidents are multiplied which we expect are to lead 
to something important, but which do not. What, for 
instance, does the episode of Kitty's friend Varenka and 
Levin's brother Serge Ivanovitch, their inclination for one 
another and its failure to come to anything, contribute to the 
development of either the character or the fortunes of 
Kitty and Levin? What does the incident of Levin's long 
delay in getting to church to be married, a delay which as 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xiii 

we read of it seems to have significance, really import? 
it turns out to import absolutely nothing, and to be introduced 
solely to give the author the pleasure of telling us that all 
Levin's shirts had been packed up. 

But the truth is we are not to take "Anna Karenin" as a 
work of art; we are to take it as a piece of life. A piece 
of life it is. The author has not invented and combined it, 
he has seen it; it has all happened before his inward eye, 
and it was in this wise that it happened. Levin's shirts 
were packed up, and he was late for his wedding in con- 
sequence; Varenka and Serge Ivanovitch met at Levin's 
country-house and went out walking together; Serge was 
very near proposing, but did not. The author saw it all 
happening so — saw it, and therefore relates it ; and what 
his novel in this way loses in art it gains in reality. 

For this is the result which, by his extraordinary fineness 
of perception, and by his sincere fidelity to it, the author 
achieves ; he works in us a sense of the absolute reality of his 
personages and their doings. Anna's shoulders, and masses 
of hair, and half-shut eyes; Alexis Karenin's updrawn eye- 
brows, and tired smile, and cracking finger-joints; Stiva's 
eyes suffused with facile moisture — these are as real to us 
as any of those outward peculiarities which in our own circle 
of acquaintance we are noticing daily, while the inner man 
of our circle of acquaintance, happily or unhappily, lies a 
great deal less clearly revealed to us than that of Count 
Tolstoy's creations. — From "Essays in Criticism," Second 
Series (1888). 

IV 

By Leo Wiener 

IN no author have the faults and virtues of the whole 
nation been so blended as in the most typical of all the 
Russians, Leo Tolstoy. If all Russian literature and 
civilization perished, and nothing were left but the works 
of Tolstoy from which to reconstruct the Russian soul, we 
should find in them a complete inner history of the nation for 
the whole period of its existence. If, furthermore, a future 



riv CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

antiquarian, unable to locate geographically and historically 
the people whom Tolstoy described, should attempt to draw 
his conclusions from internal evidence, he would be obliged 
to proclaim the nation as akin to the one that produced the 
New Testament, and the author as a close continuator of the 
passages known as the Sermon on the Mount. 

Externally, Tolstoy's works betray their association with 
the Natural School. Truth, simplicity, sincerity, absence and 
hatred of the artificial and conventional, neglect of style for 
the deeper elaboration of contents, the development of moral 
conflicts on a slender and ill-followed plot, all these had 
long ago been formulated by Byelinski and executed by the 
adherents to his injunctions. Similarly Tolstoy never at- 
tempted to describe what he had not himself experienced, 
actually or potentially. Hence we find in his stories 
analyses of the upper class of landed proprietors and city 
dwellers, into whose midst he was born and educated, and 
of the peasants, with whom he was in constant relations and 
to whom he was akin in spirit, but we totally lack references 
to the middle class, whom he knew only slightly. His heroes 
are remarkably true to Nature, not because he realistically 
chose them from his immediate surroundings, but because 
they are all diversified aspects of his own self, which, on 
account of his powerful genius, is but a reflection and a 
composite picture of the whole nation. — From "An Interpre- 
tation of the Russian People" (1915). 

V 

By William Dean Ho wells 

I COME now, though not quite in the order of time, to 
the noblest of all these enthusiasms, namely, my devo- 
tion for the writings of Lyof Tolstoy. I should wish to 
speak of him with his own incomparable truth, yet I do not 
know how to give a notion of his influence without the effect 
of exaggeration. As much as one merely human being can 
help another I believe that he has helped me ; he has not in- 
fluenced me in aesthetics only, but in ethics, too, so that I can 
never again see life in the way I saw it before I knew him. 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xv 

Tolstoy awakens in his reader the will to be a man ; not effec- 
tively, not spectacularly, but simply, really. He leads you 
back to the only true ideal, away from that false standard 
of the gentleman, to the Man who sought not to be dis- 
tinguished from other men, but identified with them, to that 
Presence in which the finest gentleman shows his alloy of 
vanity, and the greatest genius shrinks to the measure of his 
miserable egotism. I learned from Tolstoy to try character 
and motive by no other test, and though I am perpetually 
false to that sublime ideal myself, still the ideal remains 
with me, to make me ashamed that I am not true to it. Tol- 
stoy gave me heart to hope that the world may yet be made 
over in the image of Him who died for it, when all Csesar's 
things shall be finally rendered unto Caesar, and men shall 
come into their own, into the right to labor and the right to 
enjoy the fruits of their labor, each one master of himself 
and servant to every other. He taught me to see life not 
as a chase of a forever impossible personal happiness, but 
as a field for endeavor toward the happiness of the whole 
human family ; and I can never lose this vision, however I 
close my eyes, and strive to see my own interest as the 
highest good. He gave me new criterions, new principles, 
which, after all, were those that are taught us in our earliest 
childhood, before we have come to the evil wisdom of the 
world. As I read his different ethical books, "What to Do," 
"My Confession," and "My Religion," I recognized their 
truth with a rapture such as I have known in no other read- 
ing, and I rendered them my allegiance, heart and soul, with 
whatever sickness of the one and despair of the other. They 
have it )'et, and I believe they will have it while I live. It is 
with inexpressible astonishment that I hear them attainted 
of pessimism, as if the teaching of a man whose ideal was 
simple goodness must m.ean the prevalence of evil. The way 
he showed me seemed indeed impossible to my will, but to my 
conscience it was and is the only possible way. If there is 
any point on which he has not convinced my reason it is that 
of our ability to walk this narrow way alone. Even there 
he is logical, but as Zola subtly distinguishes in speaking of 
Tolstoy's essay on Money, he is not reasonable. Solitude 
enfeebles and palsies, and it is as comrades and brothers 



xvi CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

that men must save the world from itself, rather than them- 
selves from the world. It was so the earliest Christians, 
who had all things common, understood the life of Christ, 
and I believe that the latest will understand it so. 

I have spoken first of the ethical works of Tolstoy, be- 
cause they are of the first importance to me, but I think 
that his aesthetical works are as perfect. To my thinking 
they transcend in truth, which is the highest beauty, all 
other works of fiction that have been written, and I believe 
that they do this because they obey the law of the author's 
own life. His conscience is one ethically and one aestheti- 
cally; with his will to be true to himself he cannot be false to 
his knowledge of others. I thought the last word in literary 
art had been said to me by the novels of Turgenev, but it 
seemed like the first, merely, when I began to acquaint 
myself with the simpler method of Tolstoy. I came to it by 
accident, and without any manner of preoccupation in "The 
Cossacks," one of his early books, which had been on my 
shelves unread for five or six years, I did not know even 
Tolstoy's name when I opened it, and it was with a kind 
of amaze that I read it, and felt word by word, and line by 
line, the truth of a new art in it. 

I do not know how it is that the great Russians have the 
secret of simplicity. Some say it is because they have not 
a long literary past and are not conventionalized by the 
usage of many generations of other writers, but this will 
hardly account for the brotherly directness of their dealing 
with human nature ; the absence of experience elsewhere 
characterizes the artist with crudeness, and simplicity is the 
last effect of knowledge. Tolstoy is, of course, the first of 
them in this supreme grace. He has not only Turgenev's 
transparency of style, unclouded by any mist of the person- 
ality which we mistakenly value in style, and which ought 
no more to be there than the artist's personality should be in 
a portrait ; but he has a method which not only seems without 
artifice, but is so. I can get at the manner of most writers, 
and tell what it is, but I should be baffled to tell what Tol- 
stoy's manner is ; perhaps he has no manner. This appears 
to me true of his novels, which, with their vast variety of 
character and incident, are alike in their single endeavor to 



CRITICISxMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xvii 

get the persons living before you, both in their action and in 
the peculiarly dramatic interpretation of their emotion and 
cogitation. There are plenty of novelists to tell you that 
their characters felt and thought so and so, but you have 
to take it on trust ; Tolstoy alone makes you know how and 
why it was so with them and not otherwise. If there is 
anything in him which can be copied or burlesqued it is this 
ability of his to show men inwardly as well as outwardly; 
it is the only trait of his which I can put my hand on. 

After "The Cossacks" I read "Anna Karenin" with a 
deepening sense of the author's unrivaled greatness. I 
thought that I saw through his eyes a human affair of that 
most sorrowful sort as it must appear to the Infinite Com- 
passion ; the book is a sort of revelation of human nature 
in circumstances that have been so perpetually lied about 
that we have almost lost the faculty of perceiving the truth 
concerning an illicit love. When you have once read "Anna 
Karenin" you know how fatally miserable and essentially 
unhappy such a love must be. But the character of Karenin 
himself is quite as important as the intrigue of Anna and 
Vronsky. It is wonderful how such a man, cold, Philistine 
and even mean in certain ways, towers into a sublimity 
unknown (to me, at least) in fiction when he forgives, and 
yet knows that he cannot forgive with dignity. There is 
something crucial, and something triumphant, not beyond 
the power, but hitherto beyond the imagination of men in this 
efi'ect, which is not solicited, not forced, not in the least 
romantic, but comes naturally, almost inevitably from the 
make of man. — From "My Literary Passions" (1895). 

VI 

By Edward Garnett 

TOLSTOY'S place in nineteenth-century literature is, 
therefore, in our view, no less fixed and certain than 
is Voltaire's place in the eighteenth century. Both of 
these writers focus for us in a marvellously complete manner 
the respective methods of analysing life by which the ration- 
alism of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and the 



x^^ii CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

science and humanitarianism of the nineteenth century have 
moulded for us the modern world. All the movements, all 
the problems, all the speculation, all the agitations of the 
world of to-day in contrast with the immense materialistic 
civilisation that science has hastily built up for us in three 
or four generations, all the spirit of modern life is con- 
densed in the pages of Tolstoy's writings, because, as we 
have said, he typifies the soul of the modern man gazing, 
now undaunted, and now in alarm, at the formidable array 
of the newly-tabulated cause and effect of humanity's prog- 
ress, at the appalling cheapness and waste of human life in 
Nature's hands, Tolstoy thus stands for the modern soid's 
alarm in contact with science. And just as science's work 
after its destruction of the past ages' formalism, superstition, 
and dogma is directed more and more to the examination and 
amelioration of human life, so Tolstoy's work has been 
throughout inspired by a passionate love of humanity, and 
by his ceaseless struggle against conventional religion, dog- 
matic science, and society's mechanical influence on the 
minds of its members. To make man more conscious of 
his acts, to show society its real inotives and what it is feel- 
ing, and not cry out in admiration at what it pretends to 
feel — this has been the great novelist's aim in his delineation 
of Russia's life. Ever seeking the one truth — to arrive at 
men's thoughts and sensations under the daily pressure of 
life — never flinching from his exploration of the dark world 
of man's animalism and incessant self-deception, Tolstoy's 
realism in art is symbolical of our absorption in the world 
of fact, in the modern study of natural law, a study ultimately 
without loss of spirituality, nay, resulting in immense gain 
to the spiritual life. The realism of the great Russian's 
novels is, therefore, more in line with the modern tendency 
and outlook than is the general tendency of other schools of 
Continental literature. And Tolstoy must be finally looked 
on, not merely as the conscience of the Russiati world re- 
volting against the too heavy burden which the Russian 
people have now to bear in Holy Russia's onward march 
towards the building-up of her great Asiatic Empire, but 
also as the soul of the modern world seeking to replace in its 
love of humanity the life of those old religions which science 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xix 

is destroying day by day. In this sense Tolstoy will stand 
in European literature as the conscience of the modern 
world. — From "Leo Tolstoy," in "The Bookman Biographies" 
(1903)- 

VII 

IT is safe to assert that Count Tolstoy's permanent place 
in literature at home, and more particularly abroad, will 
rest upon his two great novels, "War and Peace" and 
"Anna Karenin." In them the peculiar power of Russians 
to visualize a situation and to express the passionate in- 
stincts of the human heart reach their consummation. Count 
Tolstoy passed but little time abroad. Yet there is an inter- 
national, a universal, rather than a strictly Russian quality 
about his best work, in spite of its absolute fidelity to the 
details of local life. The force of this point is best brought 
out by a comparison. Turgenev spent a great part of his 
adult life abroad. Though surrounded by foreign atmos- 
phere, that atmosphere never invaded his novels. He evi- 
dently remained to the day of his death a Russian pure and 
simple. His characters are Slav to the very marrow. His 
style has the brilliance and play of light of a jewel. There 
are few artistic and intellectual treats as delicate as that 
offered by the perusal of one of those severely condensed 
novels, which would fill thrice the space of Tolstoy's if elab- 
orated on Tolstoy's plan ; which are clothed in language that 
has not a superfluous syllable and that cuts like a knife. 
Down to the present day, he can be thoroughly appreciated 
only by those persons who are well versed in the finer points 
of the Russian tongue and Russian nature, and who can 
read between the lines in these productions, each of which 
evoked a cry and a protest from the Russians, whose tender 
points had been mercilessly laid bare. Tolstoy, on the other 
hand, had a mind of composite architecture: on one side 
Byzantine, on the other Renaissance. His personages are 
cosmopolitan to such a degree that they can be readily under- 
stood by foreigners who possess no knowledge of the lan- 
guage, country, or people. Anna Karenin is as true a world- 
type as Becky Sharp. Tolstoy's style in descriptive passages 



XX CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS 

is often rugged and tautological. His effects are gained in 
spite of it. One never re-reads a phrase of his for its 
artistic beauty, as one does constantly in the case of 
Turgenev. . . . 

Tolstoy has been called a prophet. So cool a head as 
Anatole France declares to-day that Tolstoy is entitled to 
rank as "one of the prophets of the new era." This is be- 
cause of his burning hatred of war, his unceasing struggle 
for the amelioration of society, and his passionate holding up 
of an ideal of humanity. When his particular message has 
been forgotten, he will be remembered as one of the great 
figures to whom other-worldly truth, as he saw it, was more 
real than all the rest of life. That inspiration is not a little 
thing. The world is not easily deceived about a great man. 
It knows one when it sees him. And the universal feeling 
about the passing of Leo Tolstoy is of such a nature and 
depth as to place the spiritual greatness of the man beyond 
all narrow questioning. — From "The Nation" (N. Y.), No- 
vember 24, 1 910. 

VIII 
By Maurice Baring 



"A 



" \NNA KARENIN" appeared in 1875-76. And here 
Tolstoy, with the touch of a Velasquez and upon a 
huge canvas, paints the contemporary life of the 
upper classes in St. Petersburg and in the country. Levin, 
the hero, is himself. Here, again, the truth to nature and 
the reality is so intense and vivid that a reader unacquainted 
with Russia will in reading the book probably not think of 
Russia at all, but will imagine the story has taken place in 
his own country, whatever that may be. He shows you 
everything from the inside, as well as from the outside. 
You feel, in the picture of the races, what Anna is feeling in 
looking on, and what Vronsky is feeling in riding. And 
with what reality, what incomparable skill the gradual dawn 
of Anna's love for Vronsky is described; how painfully real 
is her pompous and excellent husband ; and how every inci- 
dent in her love affair, her visit to her child, her appearance 



CRITICISMS AND INTERPRETATIONS xxi 

at the opera, when after having left her husband, she defies 
the world, her gradual growing irritability, down to the final 
catastrophe, bears on it the stamp of something which must 
have happened just in that very way and no other. 

But, as far as Tolstoy's own development is concerned, 
Levin is the most interesting figure in the book. This char- 
acter is another landmark in Tolstoy's search after truth; 
he is constantly putting accepted ideas to the test; he is 
haunted by the fear of sudden death, not the physical fear 
of death in itself, but the fear that in the face of death the 
whole of life may be meaningless; a peasant opens a new 
door for him and furnishes him with a solution to the prob- 
lem — to live for one's soul: life no longer seems meaningless. 

Thus Levin marks the stage in Tolstoy's evolution of his 
abandoning materialism and of seeking for the truth in the 
Church. But the Church does not satisfy him. He rejects 
its dogmas and its ritual ; he turns to the Gospel, but far from 
accepting it, he revises it. He comes to the conclusion that 
Christianity as it has been taught is mere madness, and that 
the Church is a superfluous anachronism. Thus another 
change comes about, which is generally regarded as the 
change cutting Tolstoy's life in half; in reality it is only a 
fresh right-about-turn of a man who is searching for truth 
in blinkers. In his "Confession," he says: 'T grew to hate 
myself; and now all has become clear." He came to believe 
that property was the source of all evil; he desired literally 
to give up all he had. This he was not able to do. It was not 
that he shrank from the sacrifice at the last; but that cir- 
cumstances and family ties were too strong for him. But 
his final flight from home in the last days of his life shows 
that the desire had never left him — From "An Outline of 
Russian Literature" (1914). 



LIST OF CHARACTERS 

Alexey Alexandrovitch Karenin, a minister of state. 

Anna Arkadyevna Karenin, his wife. 

Sergey (Seryozha), their son. 

Count Alexey Kirillovitch Vronsky, a young officer. 

Countess Vronsky, his mother. 

Varya, his sister-in-law. 

Lieutenant Petritsky, \ 

Captain Kamerovsky, V his friends. 

Captain Yashvin, ) 

Prince Stepan Arkadyevitck Oblonsky (Stiva), brother of Anna. 

Princess Darya Alexandrovna (Dolly), his wife. 

Grisha, ) , ., , ^ ^ . , x^ „ 

V children of Stiva and Dolly. 
Ianya, ) 

Prince Alexander Shtcherbatsky, father of Dolly. 

Princess Shtcherbatsky, mother of Dolly. 

Princess Natalia, their second daughter. 

Arseny Lvov, her husband. 

Princess Ekaterina Alexandrovna Shtcherbatsky (Kitty), their 

youngest daughter ; later wife of Levin. 

KoNSTANTiN Dmitrievitch Levin, proprietor of Pokrovskoe. 

NiKOLAY Levin, his brother. 

Sergey Ivanovitch Koznisiiev, his half-brother. 

Marya Nikolaevna, companion of Nikolay Levin. 

Kritsky, friend of Nikolay Levin. 

Agafea Mihalovna, housekeeper at Pokrovskoe. 

Vassily Fedorovitch, bailiff at Pokrovskoe. 

Yegorushka Korsunsky, leader of cotillons. 

Madame Korsunsky, his wife. 

Countess Lidia Ivanovna. 

Princess Betsy Tverskoy, cousin of Vronsky. 

Baroness Shilton, friend of Petritsky. 

Countess Nordston, friend of Kitty. 

Mlle. Linon, French governess of Kitty. 

xxlii 



xxiv LIST OF CHARACTERS 

Princess Varvara. aunt of Stiva. 

Madame Stahl, an invalid philanthropist. 

Varvara Andreevna (Varenka), her adopted daughter. 

Petrov, a painter. 

Anna Pavlovna, his wife. 

Vassenka Veslovsky, friend of Stiva. 

NiKOLAY IvANOviTCH SviAZHSKY, a landowner. 

His wife. 

Nastia, her sister. 

Professor Katavasov, friend of Levin. 

Professor Metrov. 

Golenishtchev, friend of Vronsky. 

MiHAiLov, a painter. 

Officers, ladies of St. Petersburg and Moscow, peasants, etc. 



ANNA KARENIN 
PART I 

CHAPTER I 

HAPPY families are all alike ; every unhappy family is 
unhappy in its own way. 
Everything was in confusion in the Oblonskys' 
house. The wife had discovered that the husband was 
carrying on an intrigue with a French girl, who had been a 
governess in their family, and she had announced to her hus- 
band that she could not go on living in the same house with 
him. 

This position of affairs had now lasted three days, and 
not only the husband and wife themselves, but all the mem- 
bers of their family and household, were painfully conscious 
of it. Every person in the house felt that there was no 
sense in their living together, and that the stray people 
brought together by chance in any inn had more in common 
with one another than they, the members of the family and 
household of the Oblonskys. The wife did not leave her 
own room, the husband had not been at home for three days. 
The children ran wild all over the house ; the English gover- 
ness quarrelled with the housekeeper, and wrote to a friend 
asking her to look out for a new situation for her ; the man- 
cook had walked off the day before just at dinner-time; the 
kitchen-maid, and the coachman had given warning. 

Three days after the quarrel, Prince Stepan Arkadyevitch 
Oblonsky — Stiva, as he was called in the fashionable world 
— woke up at his usual hour, that is, at eight o'clock in the 
morning, not in his wife's bedroom, but on the leather- 
covered sofa in his study. He turned over his stout, well- 
cared-for person on the springy sofa, as though he would 
sink into a long sleep again; he vigorously embraced the 

1 



2 LEO TOLSTOY 

pillow on the other side and buried his face in it; but all 
at once he jumped up, sat up on the sofa, and opened his 
eyes. 

'Yes, yes, how was it now?' he thought, going over his 
dream. 'Now, how was it ? To be sure ! Alabin was giving 
a dinner at Darmstadt; no, not Darmstadt, but something 
American. Yes, but then, Darmstadt was in America. Yes, 
Alabin was giving a dinner on glass tables, and the tables 
sang, // mio tcsoro — not // mio tcsoro though, but something 
better, and there were some sort of little decanters on the 
table, and they were women too,' he remembered. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch's eyes twinkled gaily, and he pon- 
dered with a smile. 'Yes, it was nice, very nice. There was 
a great deal more that was delightful, only there's no putting 
it into words, or even expressing it in one's thoughts awake.' 
And noticing a gleam of light peeping in beside one of the 
serge curtains, he cheerfully dropped his feet over the edge 
of the sofa, and felt about with them for his slippers, a 
present on his last birthday, worked for him by his wife on 
gold-coloured morocco. And, as he had done every day for 
the last nine years, he stretched out his hand, without getting 
up, towards the place where his dressing-gown always hung 
in his bedroom. And thereupon he suddenly remembered 
that he was not sleeping in his wife's room, but in his study, 
and why : the smile vanished from his face, he knitted his 
brows. 

'Ah, ah, ah ! Oo ! ..." he muttered, recalling everything 
that had happened. And again every detail of his quarrel 
with his wife was present to his imagination, all the hopeless- 
ness of his position, and worst of all, his own fault. 

'Yes, she won't forgive me, and she can't forgive me. And 
the most awful thing about it is that it's all my fault — all 
my fault, though I'm not to blame. That's the point of the 
whole situation,' he reflected. 'Oh, oh, oh !' he kept repeat- 
ing in despair, as he remembered the acutely painful sensa- 
tions caused him by this quarrel. 

Most unpleasant of all was the first minute when, on com- 
ing, happy and good-humoured, from the theatre, with a 
huge pear in his hand for his wife, he had not found his 
wife in the drawing-room, to his surprise had not found her 



AXXA KAREXIX 3 

in the study either, and saw her at last in her bedroom with 
the unlucky letter that revealed everything in her hand. 

She, his Dolly, for ever fussing and worrying over house- 
hold details, and limited in her ideas, as he considered, was 
sitting perfectly still with the letter in her hand, looking at 
him with an expression of horror, despair, and indignation. 

'What's this? this?' she asked, pointing to the letter. 

And at this recollection, Stepan Arkadyevitch, as is so 
often the case, was not so much annoyed at the fact itself as 
at the way in which he had met his wife's words. 

There happened to him at that instant what does happen 
to people when they are unexpectedly caught in something 
very disgraceful. He did not succeed in adapting his face 
to the position in which he was placed towards his wife by 
the discovery of his fault. Instead of being hurt, denying, 
defending himself, begging forgiveness, instead of remain- 
ing indifferent even — anything would have been better than 
what he did do — his face utterly involuntarily (reflex spinal 
action, reflected Stepan Arkadyevitch, who was fond of 
physiology) — utterly involuntarily assumed its habitual, 
good-humoured, and therefore idiotic smile. 

This idiotic smile he could not forgive himself. Catching 
sight of that smile, Dolly shuddered as though at physical 
pain, broke out with her characteristic heat into a flood of 
cruel words, and rushed out of the room. Since then she 
had refused to see her husband. 

'It's that idiotic smile that's to blame for it all.' thought 
Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

'But what's to be done? What's to be done?' he said to 
himself in despair, and found no answer. 



CHAPTER II 

STEP AN ARKADYEVITCH was a truthful man in his 
relations with himself. He was incapable of deceiv- 
ing himself and persuading- himself that he repented 
of his conduct. He could not at this date repent of the fact 
that he, a handsome, susceptible man of thirty-four, was not 
in love with his wife, the mother of five living and two dead 
children, and only a year younger than himself. All he re- 
pented of was that he had not succeeded better in hiding it 
from his wife. But he felt all the difficulty of his position 
and was sorry for his wife, his children, and himself. Pos- 
sibly he might have managed to conceal his sins better from 
his wife if he had anticipated that the knowledge of them 
would have had such an effect on her. He had never clearly 
thought out the subject, but he had vaguely conceived that 
his wife must long ago have suspected him of being un- 
faithful to her, and shut her eyes to the fact. He had even 
supposed that she, a worn-out woman no longer young or 
good-looking, and in no way remarkable or interesting, 
merely a good mother, ought from a sense of fairness to take 
an indulgent view. It had turned out quite the other way. 

'Oh, it's awful ! oh dear, oh dear ! awful !' Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch kept repeating to himself, and he could think of noth- 
ing to be done. 'And how well things were going up till 
now ! how well we got on I She was contented and happy in 
her children ; I never interfered with her in anything ; I let 
her manage the children and the house just as she liked. 
It's true it's bad her having been a governess in our house. 
That's bad ! There's something common, vulgar, in flirting 
with one's governess. But what a governess!' (He vividly 
recalled the roguish black eyes of Mile. Roland and her 
smile.) 'But after all, while she was in the house, I kept 
myself in hand. And the worst of it all is that she's already 
... it seems as if ill-luck would have it so ! Oh, oh ! But 
what, what is to be done?' 

4 



ANXA KAREXTX 5 

There was no solution, but that universal solution which 
life gives to all questions, even the most complex and in- 
soluble. That answer is : one must live in the needs of the 
day — that is, forget oneself. To forget himself in sleep was 
impossible now, at least till night-time ; he could not go back 
now to the music sung by the decanter-women ; so he must 
forget himself in the dream of daily life. 

'Then we shall see,' Stepan Arkadyevitch said to himself, 
and getting up he put on a grey dressing-gown lined with 
blue silk, tied the tassels in a knot, and, drawing a deep 
breath of air into his broad, bare chest, he walked to the 
window with his usual confident step, turning out his feet 
that carried his full frame so easily. He pulled up the blind 
and rang the bell loudly. It was at once answered by the 
appearance of an old friend, his valet Matvey, carrying his 
clothes, his boots, and a telegram. Matvey was followed by 
the barber with all the necessaries for shaving. 

'Are there any papers from the office?' asked Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, taking the telegram and seating himself at the 
looking-glass. 

'On the table,' replied Matvey, glancing with inquiring 
sympathy at his master ; and, after a short pause, he added 
with a sly smile, 'They've sent from the carriage- jobbers.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch made no reply, he merely glanced at 
Matvey in the looking-glass. In the glance, in which their 
eyes met in the looking-glass, it was clear that they under- 
stood one another. Stepan Arkadyevitch's eyes asked : 'Why 
do you tell me that? don't you know?' 

Matvey put his hands in his jacket pockets, thrust out one 
leg, and gazed silently, good-humouredly, with a faint smile, 
at his master. 

'I told them to come on Sunday, and till then not to trouble 
you or themselves for nothing,' he said. He had obviously 
prepared the sentence beforehand. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch saw Matvey wanted to make a joke 
and attract attention to himself. Tearing open the telegram, 
he read it through, guessing at the words, misspelt as they 
always are in telegrams, and his face brightened. 

'Matvey. my sister Anna Arkadyevna will be here to- 
morrow,' he said, checking for a minute the sleek, plump 



6 LEO TOLSTOY 

hand of the barber, cutting a pink path through his long, 
curly whiskers. 

'Thank God!' said Matvey, showing by this response that 
he, like his master, realised the significance of this arrival — 
that is, that Anna Arkadyevna, the sister he was so fond of, 
might bring about a reconciliation between husband and wife. 

'Alone, or with her husband?' inquired IMatvey. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch could not answer, as the barber was 
at work on his upper lip, and he raised one finger. Matvey 
nodded at the looking-glass. 

'Alone. Is the room to be got ready upstairs?' 

'Inform Darya Alexandrovna : where she orders.' 

'Darya Alexandrovna?' Matvey repeated, as though in 
doubt. 

'Yes, inform her. Here, take the telegram; give it her, and 
then do what she tells you.' 

'You want to try it on,' Matvey understood, but he only 
said, 'Yes, sir.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was already washed and combed and 
ready to be dressed, when Matvey, stepping deliberately in 
his creaky boots, came back into the room with the tele- 
gram in his hand. The barber had gone. 

'Darya Alexandrovna told me to inform you that she is 
going away. Let him do — that is you — do as he likes,' he 
said, laughing only with his eyes, and putting his hands in 
his pockets, he watched his master with his head on one 
side. Stepan Arkadyevitch was silent a minute. Then a 
good-humoured and rather pitiful smile showed itself on his 
handsome face. 

'Eh, Matvey?' he said, shaking his head. 

'It's all right, sir; she will come round,' said Matvey. 

'Come round?' 

'Yes, sir.' 

'Do you think so? Who's there?' asked Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch, hearing the rustle of a woman's dress at the door. 

'It's I,' said a firm, pleasant woman's voice, and the stern, 
pock-marked face of Matrona Philimonovna, the nurse, was 
thrust in at the doorway. 

'Well, what is it, Matrona?' queried Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
going up to her at the door. 



AXXA KAREXIN" 7 

Although Stepan Arkadyevitch was completely in the 
wrong as regards his wife, and was conscious of this himself, 
almost every one in the house (even the nurse, Darya Alex- 
androvna's chief ally) was on his side. 

'Well, what now ?' he asked disconsolately. 

'Go to her, sir ; own your fault again. May be God will 
aid you. She is suffering so, it's sad to see her ; and besides, 
everything in the house is topsy-turvy. You must have pity, 
sir, on the children. Beg her forgiveness, sir. There's no 
help for it ! One must take the consequences. . . / 

'But she won't see me.' 

'You do your part. God is merciful ; pray to God, sir, pray 
to God.' 

'Come, that'll do, you can go,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
blushing suddenly. 'Well now, do dress me.' He turned to 
Matvey and threw off his dressing-gown decisively. 

Matvey was already holding up the shirt like a horse's 
collar, and, blowing off some invisible speck, he slipped it 
with obvious pleasure over the well-groomed body of his 
master. 



CHAPTER III 

WHEN he was dressed, Stepan Arkadyevitch sprin- 
kled some scent on himself, pulled down his shirt- 
cuffs, distributed into his pockets his cigarettes, 
pocket-book, matches, and watch with its double chain and 
seals, and shaking out his handkerchief, feeling himself clean, 
fragrant, healthy, and physically at ease, in spite of his un- 
happiness, he walked with a slight swing on each leg into 
the dining-room, where coffee was already waiting for him, 
and beside the coffee, letters and papers from the office. 

He read the letters. One was very unpleasant, from a 
merchant who was buying a forest on his wife's property. 
To sell this forest was absolutely essential ; but at present, 
until he was reconciled with his wife, the subject could not 
be discussed. The most unpleasant thing of all was that his 
pecuniary interests should in this way enter into the question 
of his reconciliation with his wife. And the idea that he 
might be led on by his interests, that he might seek a recon- 
ciliation with his wife on account of the sale of the forest — 
that idea hurt him. 

When he had finished his letters, Stepan Arkadyevitch 
moved the office-papers close to him, rapidly looked through 
two pieces of business, made a few notes with a big pencil, 
and pushing away the papers, turned to his coffee. As he 
sipped his coffee, he opened a still damp morning paper, and 
began reading it. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch took in and read a liberal paper, not 
an extreme one, but one advocating the views held by the 
majority. And in spite of the fact that science, art, and 
politics had no special interest for him, he firmly held those 
views on all these subjects which were held by the majority 
and by his paper, and he only changed them when the ma- 
jority changed them — or, more strictly speaking, he did not 
change them, but they imperceptibly changed of themselves 
within him. 

8 

P— I 



ANNA KARENIN 9 

Stepan Arkadyevitch had not chosen his political opinions 
or his views ; these political opinions and views had come to 
him of themselves, just as he did not choose the shapes of his 
hat and coat, but simply took those that were being worn. 
And for him, living in a certain society — owing to the need, 
ordinarily developed at years of discretion, for some degree 
of mental activity — to have views was just as indispensable 
as to have a hat. If there was a reason for his preferring 
liberal to conservative views, which were held also by many 
of his circle, it arose not from his considering liberalism 
more rational, but from its being in closer accordance with 
his manner of life. The liberal party said that in Russia 
everything is. wrong, and certainly Stepan Arkadyevitch had 
many debts and was decidedly short of money. The liberal 
party said that marriage is an institution quite out of date, 
and that it needs reconstruction; and family life certainly 
afforded Stepan Arkadyevitch little gratification, and forced 
him into lying and hypocrisy, which was so repulsive to his 
nature. The liberal party said, or rather allowed it to be 
understood, that religion is only a curb to keep in check the 
barbarous classes of the people ; and Stepan Arkadyevitch 
could not get through even a short service without his legs 
aching from standing up, and could never make out what 
was the object of all the terrible and high-flown language 
about another world when life might be so very amusing in 
this world. And with all this, Stepan Arkadyevitch, who 
liked a joke, was fond of puzzling a plain man by saying 
that if he prided himself on his origin, he ought not to stop 
at Rurik and disown the first founder of his family — the 
monkey. And so liberalism had become a habit of Stepan 
Arkadyevitch's, and he liked his newspaper, as he did his 
cigar after dinner, for the slight fog it diffused in his brain. 
He read the leading article, in which it was maintained that 
it was quite senseless in our day to raise an outcry that 
radicalism was threatening to swallow up all conservative 
elements, and that the government ought to take measures 
to crush the revolutionary hydra; that, on the contrary, 'in 
our opinion the danger lies not in that fantastic revolutionary 
hydra, but in the obstinacy of traditionalism clogging prog- 
ress,' etc. etc. He read another article too, a financial one, 

P--2 



10 LEO TOLSTOY 

which alluded to Bentham and Mill, and dropped some in- 
nuendoes reflecting on the ministry. With his character- 
istic quick-wittedness he caught the drift of each innuendo, 
divined whence it came, at whom and on what ground it was 
aimed, and that afforded him, as it always did, a certain 
satisfaction. But to-day that satisfaction was embittered by 
Matrona Philimonovna's advice and the unsatisfactory state 
of the household. He read, too, that Count Beist was ru- 
moured to have left for Wiesbaden, and that one need have no 
more grey hair, and of the sale of a light carriage, and of a 
young person seeking a situation; but these items of infor- 
mation did not give him, as usual, a quiet, ironical grati- 
fication. Having finished the paper, a second cup of coffee 
and a roll and butter, he got up, shaking the crumbs of the 
roll off his waistcoat ; and, squaring his broad chest, he 
smiled joyously : not because there was anything particularly 
agreeable in his mind — the joyous smile was evoked by a 
good digestion. 

But this joyous smile at once recalled everything to him, 
and he grew thoughtful. 

Two childish A'oices ( Stepan Arkadyevitch recognised the 
voices of Grisha, his youngest boy, and Tanya, his eldest 
girl) were heard outside the door. They were carrying some- 
thing, and dropped it. 

'I told you not to sit passengers on the roof,' said the little 
girl in English ; 'there, pick them up !' 

'Everything's in confusion,' thought Stepan Arkadyevitch ; 
'there are the children running about by themselves.' And 
going to the door, he called them. They threw down the box, 
that represented a train, and came in to their father. 

The little girl, her father's favourite, ran up boldly, em- 
braced him, and hung laughingly on his neck, enjoying as she 
always did the smell of scent that came from his whiskers. 
At last the little girl kissed his face, which was flushed from 
his stooping posture and beaming with tenderness, loosed her 
hands, and was about to run away again; but her father 
held her back. 

'How is mamma?' he asked, passing his hand over his 
daughter's smooth, soft little neck. 'Good morning,' he said, 
smiling to the boy, who had come up to greet him. He was 



ANNA KARENIN 11 

conscious that he loved the boy less, and always tried to be 
fair ; but the boy felt it, and did not respond with a smile to 
his father's chilly smile. 

'Mamma? She is up/ answered the girl. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch sighed. 'That means that she's not 
slept again all night/ he thought. 

'Well, is she cheerful ?' 

The little girl knew that there was a quarrel between her 
father and mother, and that her mother could not be cheer- 
ful, and that her father must be aware of this, and that he 
was pretending when he asked about it so lightly. And she 
blushed for her father. He at once perceived it, and 
blushed too. 

'I don't know,' she said. 'She did not say we must do our 
lessons, but she said we were to go a walk with Miss Hoole 
to grandmamma's.' 

'Well, go, Tanya, my darling. Oh, wait a minute, though/ 
he said, still holding her and stroking her soft little hand. 

He took off the mantelpiece, where he had put it yesterday, 
a little box of sweets, and gave her two, picking out her 
favourites, a chocolate and a fondant. 

'For Grisha?' said the little girl, pointing to the chocolate. 

'Yes, yes.' And still stroking her little shoulder, he kissed 
her on the roots of her hair and neck, and let her go. 

'The carriage is ready,' said Matvey ; 'but there's some one 
to see you with a petition.' 

'Been here long?' asked Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

'Half an hour.' 

'How many times have I told you to tell me at once ?' 

'One must let you drink your coffee in peace, at least,' said 
Matvey, in the affectionately gruff tone with which it was 
impossible to be angry. 

'Well, show the person up at once,' said Oblonsky, frown- 
ing with vexation. 

The petitioner, the widow of a staff captain Kalinin, came 
with a request impossible and unreasonable ; but Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, as he generally did, made her sit down, heard 
her to the end attentively without interrupting her, and gave 
her detailed advice as to how and to whom to apply, and 
even wrote her, in his large, sprawling, good and legible 



12 LEO TOLSTOY 

hand, a confident and fluent little note to a personage who 
might be of use to her. Having got rid of the staff cap- 
tain's widow, Stepan Arkadyevitch took his hat and stopped 
to recollect whether he had forgotten anything. It appeared 
that he had forgotten nothing except what he wanted to 
forget — his wife. 

'Ah, yes !' He bowed his head, and his handsome face 
assumed a harassed expression. 'To go, or not to go !' he 
said to himself; and an inner voice told him he must not go, 
that nothing could come of it but falsity ; that to amend, to 
set right their relations was impossible, because it was 
impossible to make her attractive again and able to inspire 
love, or to make him an old man, not susceptible to love. 
Except deceit and lying nothing could come of it now ; and 
deceit and lying were opposed to his nature. 

'It must be some time, though : it can't go on like this,' he 
said, trying to give himself courage. He squared his chest, 
took out a cigarette, took two whiffs at it, flung it into a 
mother-of-pearl ash-tray, and with rapid steps walked 
through the drawing-room, and opened the other door into 
his wife's bedroom. 



CHAPTER IV 

DARYA ALEXANDROVNA, in a dressing-jacket, 
and with her now scanty, once luxuriant and beauti- 
ful hair fastened up with hairpins on the nape of her 
neck, with a sunken, thin face and large, startled eyes, which 
looked prominent from the thinness of her face, was stand- 
ing among a litter of all sorts of things scattered all 
over the room, before an open bureau, from which she was 
taking something. Hearing her husband's steps, she stopped, 
looking towards the door, and trying assiduously to give her 
features a severe and contemptuous expression. She felt 
she was afraid of him, and afraid of the coming interview. 
She was just attempting to do what she had attempted to do 
ten times already in these last three days : to sort out the 
children's things and her own, so as to take them to her 
mother's — and again she could not bring herself to do this ; 
but now again, as each time before, she kept saying to her- 
self, 'that things cannot go on like this, that she must take 
some step' to punish him, put him to shame, avenge on him 
some little part at least of the suffering he had caused her. 
She still continued to tell herself that she should leave him, 
but she was conscious that this was impossible; it was im- 
possible because she could not get out of the habit of regard- 
ing him as her husband and loving him. Besides this, she 
realised that if even here in her own house she could hardly 
manage to look after her five children properly, they would 
be still worse off where she was going with them all. As it 
was, even in the course of these three days, the youngest was 
unwell from being given unwholesome soup, and the others 
had almost gone without their dinner the day before. She 
was conscious that it was impossible to go away; but, cheat- 
ing herself, she went on all the same sorting out her things 
and pretending she was going. 

Seeing her husband, she dropped her hands into the drawer 
of the bureau as though looking for something, and only 

13 



14 LEO TOLSTOY 

looked round at him when he had come quite up to her. But 
her face, to which she tried to give a severe and resolute 
expression, betrayed bewilderment and suffering. 

'Dolly !' he said in a subdued and timid voice. He bent 
his head towards his shoulder and tried to look pitiful and 
humble, but for all that he was radiant with freshness and 
health. In a rapid glance she scanned his figure that beamed 
with health and freshness. 'Yes, he is happy and content !' 
she thought; 'while I . . . And that disgusting good nature, 
which every one likes him for and praises — I hate that good 
nature of his,' she thought. Her mouth stiffened, the muscles 
of the cheek contracted on the right side of her pale, nervous 
face. 

'What do you want?' she said in a rapid, deep, unnatural 
voice. 

'Dolly !' he repeated, with a quiver in his voice. 'Anna is 
coming to-day.' 

'Well, what is that to me? I can't see her!' she cried. 

'But you must, really, Dolly. . . .' 

'Go away, go away, go away!' she shrieked, not looking 
at him, as though this shriek were called up by physical 
pain. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch could be calm when he thought of 
his wife, he could hope that she would come round, as Mat- 
vey expressed it, and could quietly go on reading his paper 
and drinking his coffee; but when he saw her tortured, suf- 
fering face, heard the tone of her voice, submissive to 
fate and full of despair, there was a catch in his breath 
and a lump in his throat, and his eyes began to shine with 
tears. 

'My God! what have I done? Dolly! For God's sake! 
. . . You know . . .' He could not go on; there was a sob 
in his throat. 

She shut the bureau with a slam, and glanced at him. 

'Dolly, what can I say? . . . One thing: forgive . . . 
Remember, cannot nine years of my life atone for an in- 
stant . . .' 

She dropped her eyes and listened, expecting what he 
would say, as it were beseeching him in some way or other 
to make her believe differently. 



ANNA KARENIN 15 

* — instant of passion?' ... he said, and would have gone 
on, but at that word, as at a pang of physical pain, her hps 
stiffened again, and again the muscles of her right cheek 
worked. 

'Go away, go out of the room !' she shrieked still more 
shrilly, "and don't talk to me of your passion and your 
loathsomeness.' 

She tried to go out, but tottered, and clung to the back of 
a chair to support herself. His face relaxed, his lips swelled, 
his eyes were swimming with tears. 

'Dolly !' he said, sobbing now ; 'for mercy's sake, think 
of the children ; they are not to blame ! I am to blame, and 
punish me, make me expiate my fault. Anything I can do, I 
am ready to do anything ! I am to blame, no words can 
express how much I am to blame ! But, Dolly, forgive me !' 

She sat down. He listened to her hard, heavy breathing, 
and he was unutterably sorry for her. She tried several 
times to begin to speak, but could not. He waited. 

'You remember the children, Stiva, to play with them; but 
I remember them, and know that this means their ruin,' she 
said — obviously one of the phrases she had more than once 
repeated to herself in the course of the last three days. 

She had called him 'Stiva,' and he glanced at her with 
gratitude, and moved to take her hand, but she drew back 
from him with aversion. 

*I think of the children, and for that reason I would do 
anything in the world to save them ; but I don't myself know 
how to save them. By taking them away from their father, 
or by leaving them with a vicious father — yes, a vicious 
father. . . . Tell me, after what . . . has happened, can we 
live together? Is that possible? Tell me, eh, is it possible?' 
she repeated, raising her voice, 'after my husband, the father 
of my children, enters into a love-affair with his own chil- 
dren's governess?' 

'But what could I do? what could I do?' he kept saying in 
a pitiful voice, not knowing what he was saying, as his 
head sank lower and lower. 

'You are loathsome to me, repulsive !' she shrieked, getting 
more and more heated. 'Your tears mean nothing ! You 
have never loved me ; you have neither heart nor honourable 



16 LEO TOLSTOY 

feeling ! You are hateful to me, disgusting, a stranger — yes, 
a complete stranger' With pain and wrath she uttered the 
word so terrible to herself — stranger. 

He looked at her, and the fury expressed in her face 
alarmed and amazed him. He did not understand how his 
pity for her exasperated her. She saw in him sympathy for 
her, but not love. 'No, she hates me. She will not forgive 
me,' he thought. 

'It is awful ! awful' he said. 

At that moment in the next room a child began to cry; 
probably it had fallen down. Darya Alexandrovna listened, 
and her face suddenly softened. 

She seemed pulling herself together for a few seconds, 
as though she did not know where she was, and what she 
was doing, and getting up rapidly, she moved towards the 
door. 

'Well, she loves my child,' he thought, noticing the change 
of her face at the child's cry, 'my child : how can she hate 
me?' 

'Dolly, one word more,' he said, following her. 

'If yovi come near me, I will call in the servants, the 
children ! They may all know you are a scoundrel ! I am 
going away at once, and you may live here with your 
mistress !' 

And she went out, slamming the door. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch sighed, wiped his face, and with a 
subdued tread walked out of the room. 'Matvey says she 
will come round; but how? I don't see the least chance of 
it. Ah, oh, how horrible it is ! And how vulgarly she 
shouted,' he said to himself, remembering her shriek and the 
words — 'scoundrel' and 'mistress.' 'And very likely the maids 
were listening ! Horribly vulgar ! horrible ! Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch stood a few seconds alone, wiped his face, squared his 
chest, and walked out of the room. 

It was Friday, and in the dining-room the German watch- 
maker was winding up the clock. Stepan Arkadyevitch re- 
membered his joke about this punctual, bald watchmaker, 
'that the German was wound up for a whole lifetime himself, 
to wind up watches,' and he smiled. Stepan Arkadyevitch 
was fond of a joke. 'And may be she will come round! 



ANNA KAREKIN 17 

That's a good expression, "come around," ' he thought. I 
must repeat that.' 

'Matvey !' he shouted. "Arrange everything with Marya 
in the sitting-room for Anna Arkadyevna,' he said to Matvey 
when he came in. 

'Yes, sir.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch put on his fur coat and went out on 
to the steps. 

'You won't dine at home ?' said Matvey, seeing him off. 

'That's as it happens. But here's for the housekeeping,' he 
said, taking ten roubles from his pocket-book. 'That'll be 
enough.' 

'Enough or not enough, we must make it do,' said Matvey, 
slamming the carriage door and stepping back on to the steps. 

Darya Alexandrovna meanwhile having pacified the child, 
and knowing from the sound of the carriage that he had gone 
off, went back again to her bedroom. It was her solitary 
refuge from the household cares which crowded upon her 
directly she went out from it. Even now, in the short time 
she had been in the nursery, the English governess and 
Matrona Philimonovna had succeeded in putting several ques- 
tions to her, which did not admit of delay, and which only 
she could answer: 'What were the children to put on for 
their walk? Should they have any milk? Should not a new 
cook be sent for?' 

'Ah, let me alone, let me alone !' she said, and going back 
to her bedroom she sat down in the same place as she had 
sat when talking to her husband, clasping tightly her thin 
hands with the rings that slipped down on her bony fingers, 
and fell to going over in her memory all the conversation. 
'He has gone ! But has he broken it off with her ?' she 
thought. 'Can it be he sees her ? 'Why didn't I ask him ! 
No, no, reconciliation is impossible. Even if we remain in 
the same house, we are strangers — strangers for ever !' She 
repeated again with special significance the word so dread- 
ful to her. 'And how I loved him ! my God, how I loved 
him ! . . . How I loved him ! And now don't I love him ? 
Don't I love him more than before? The most horrible 
thing is,' she began, but did not finish her thought, because 
Matrona Philimonovna put her head in at the door. 



18 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Let us send for my brother,' she said ; 'he can get a dinner 
any way, or we shall have the children getting nothing to 
eat till six again, like yesterday.' 

'Very well, I will come directly and see about it. But 
did you send for some new milk?' 

And Darya Alexandrovna plunged into the duties of the 
day, and drowned her grief in them for a time. 



CHAPTER V 

STEFAN ARKADYEVITCH had learned easily at 
, school, thanks to his excellent abilities, but he had 
been idle and mischievous, and therefore was one of 
the lowest in his class. But in spite of his habitually dissi- 
pated mode of life, his inferior grade in the service, and his 
comparative youth, he occupied the honourable and lucra- 
tive position of president of one of the government boards 
at Moscow. This post he had received through his sister 
Anna's husband, Alexey Alexandrovitch Karenin, who held 
one of the most important positions in the ministry to whose 
department the Moscow office belonged. But if Karenin had 
not got his brother-in-law this berth, then through a hundred 
other personages — brothers, sisters, cousins, uncles, and aunts 
— Stiva Oblonsky would have received this post, or some 
other similar one, together with the salary of six thousand 
absolutely needful for him, as his affairs, in spite of his 
wife's considerable property, were in an embarrassed condi- 
tion. 

Half Moscow and Petersburg were friends and relations of 
Stepan Arkadyevitch. He was born in the midst of those 
who had been and are the powerful ones of this w'orld. One- 
third of the men in the government, the older men, had been 
friends of his father's, and had known him in petticoats; 
another third were his intimate chums, and the remainder 
were friendly acquaintances. Consequently the distributors 
of earthly blessings in the shape of places, rents, shares, and 
such, were all his friends, and could not overlook one of their 
own set ; and Oblonsky had no need to make any special 
exertion to get a lucrative post. He had only not to refuse 
things, not to show jealousy, not to be quarrelsome or take 
offence, all of which from his characteristic good nature he 
never did. It would have struck him as absurd if he had been 
told that he would not get a position with the salary he 
required, especially as he expected nothing out of the way; 

19 



20 LEO TOLSTOY 

he only wanted what the men of his own age and standing 
did get, and he was no worse qualified for performing 
duties of the kind than any other man. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was not merely liked by all who 
knew him for his good-humour, his bright disposition, and 
his unquestionable honesty. In him. in his handsome, radiant 
figure, his sparkling eyes, black hair and eyebrows, and the 
white and red of his face, there was something which pro- 
duced a physical effect of kindliness and good-humour on 
the people who met him. 'Aha ! Stiva ! Oblonsky ! Here 
he is !' was almost always said with a smile of delight on 
meeting him. Even though it happened at times that after 
a conversation with him it seemed that nothing particularly 
delightful had happened, the next day, and the next, every 
one was just as delighted at meeting him again. 

After filling for three years the post of president of one 
of the government boards at Moscow, Stepan Arkadyevitch 
had won the respect, as well as the liking, of his fellow- 
officials, subordinates, and superiors, and all who had had 
business with him. The principal qualities in Stepan Ark- 
adyevitch which had gained him this universal respect in 
the service consisted, in the first place, of his extreme indul- 
gence for others, founded on a consciousness of his own 
shortcomings; secondly, of his perfect liberalism — not the 
liberalism he read of in the papers, but the liberalism that 
was in his blood, in virtue of which he treated all men per- 
fectly equally and exactly the same, whatever their fortune 
or calling might be ; and thirdly — the most important point — 
his complete indifference to the business in which he was 
engaged, in consequence of which he was never carried 
away, and never made mistakes. 

On reaching the offices of the board, Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch, escorted by a deferential porter with a portfolio, went 
into his little private room, put on his uniform, and went 
into the board-room. The clerks and copyists all rose, greet- 
ing him with good-humoured deference. Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch moved quickly, as ever, to his place, shook hands with 
his colleagues, and sat down. He made a joke or two, and 
talked just as much as was consistent with due decorum, 
and began work. No one knew better than Stepan Arkadye- 



ANNA KARENIN 21 

vitch how to hit on the exact line between freedom, sim- 
plicity, and official stiffness necessary for the agreeable con- 
duct of business. A secretary, with the good-humoured 
deference common to every one in Stepan Arkadyevitch's 
office, came up with papers, and began to speak in the 
familiar and easy tone which had been introduced by Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

'We have succeeded in getting the information from the 
government department of Penza. Here, would you 
care? . . .' 

'You've got them at last?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, laying 
his finger on the paper. "Now, gentlemen. . . .' 

And the sitting of the board began. 

'If they knew,' he thought, bending his head with a sig- 
nificant air as he listened to the report, 'what a guilty 
little boy their president was half an hour ago.' And 
his eyes were laughing during the reading of the report. 
Till two o'clock the sitting went on without a break, 
and at two o'clock there would be an interval and 
luncheon. 

It was not yet two. when the large glass doors of the 
board-room suddenly opened and some one came in. 

All the officials sitting on the further side under the por- 
trait of the Tsar and the eagle, delighted at any distrac- 
tion, looked round at the door ; but the doorkeeper standing 
at the door at once drove out the intruder, and closed the 
glass door after him. 

When the case had been read through, Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch got up and stretched, and by way of tribute to the 
liberalism of the times took out a cigarette in the board- 
room and went into his private room. Two of the mem- 
bers of the board, the old veteran in the service, Nikitin, and 
the kammcr-ynnkcr Grinevitch, went in with him. 

'We shall have time to finish after lunch,' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

'To be sure we shall !' said Nikitin. 

'A pretty sharp fellow this Fomin must be,' said Grinevitch 
of one of the persons taking part in the case they were 
examining. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch frowned at Grinevitch's words, giv- 



93 LEO TOLSTOY 

ing him thereby to understand that it was improper to pass 
judgment prematurely, and made him no reply. 

'Who was that came in? he asked the doorkeeper. 

'Some one, your excellency, crept in without permission 
directly my back was turned. He was asking for you. I 
told him : when the members come out, then. . . .' 

'Where is he?' 

'May be he's gone into the passage, but here he comes any 
way. That is he,' said the doorkeeper, pointing to a strongly 
built, broad-shouldered man with a curly beard, who, with- 
out taking ofif his sheepskin cap, was running lightly and 
rapidly up the worn steps of the stone staircase. One of 
the members going down — a lean official with a port- 
folio — stood out of his way and looked disapprovingly 
at the legs of the stranger, then glanced inquiringly at 
Oblonsky. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was standing at the top of the stairs. 
His good-naturedly beaming face above the embroidered 
collar of his uniform beamed more than ever when he recog- 
nised the man coming up. 

'Why, it's actually you. Levin, at last!' he said with a 
friendly mocking smile, scanning Levin as he approached. 
'How is it you have deigned to look me up in this den ?' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, and not content with shaking hands, 
he kissed his friend. 'Have you been here long?' 

'I have just come, and very much wanted to see you,' said 
Levin, looking shyly and at the same time angrily and 
uneasily around. 

'Well, let's go into my room,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
who knew his friend's sensitive and irritable shyness, and, 
taking his arm, he drew him along, as though guiding him 
through dangers. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was on familiar terms with almost 
all his acquaintances, and called almost all of them by their 
Christian names: old men of sixty, boys of twenty, actors, 
ministers, merchants, and adjutant-generals, so that many of 
his intimate chums were to be found at the extreme ends of 
the social ladder, and would have been very much surprised 
to learn that they had, through the medium of Oblonsky, 
something in common. He was the familiar friend of every 



ANNA KARENIN 33 

one with whom he took a glass of champagne, and he took 
a glass of champagne with every one, and when in conse- 
quence he met any of his disreputable chums, as he used in 
joke to call many of his friends, in the presence of his 
subordinates, he well knew how, with his characteristic tact, 
to diminish the disagreeable impression made on them. Levin 
was not a disreputable chum, but Oblonsky, with his ready 
tact, felt that Levin fancied he might not care to show his 
intimacy with him before his subordinates, and so he made 
haste to take him ofif into his room. 

Levin was almost of the same age as Oblonsky ; their inti- 
macy did not rest merely on champagne. Levin had been 
the friend and companion of his early youth. They were 
fond of one another in spite of the difference of their char- 
acters and tastes, as friends are fond of one another who 
have been together in early youth. But in spite of this, each 
of them — as is often the way with men who have selected 
careers of different kinds — though in discussion he would 
even justify the other's career, in his heart despised it. It 
seemed to each of them that the life he led himself was the 
only real life, and the life led by his friend was a mere 
phantasm. Oblonsky could not restrain a slight mocking 
smile at the sight of Levin. How often he had seen him come 
up to Moscow from the country where he was doing some- 
thing, but what precisely Stepan Arkadyevitch could 
never quite make out, and indeed he took no interest in the 
matter. 

Levin arrived in jMoscow always excited and in a hurry, 
rather ill at ease and irritated by his own want of ease, and 
for the most part with a perfectly new, unexpected view of 
things. Stepan Arkadyevitch laughed at this, and liked it. 
In the same way Levin in his heart despised the town mode 
of life of his friend, and his official duties, which he 
laughed at, and regarded as trifling. But the difference was 
that Oblonsky, as he was doing the same as every one did, 
laughed complacently and good-humouredly, while Levin 
laughed without complacency and sometimes angrily. 

'We have long been expecting you,' said Stepan Arkad- 
yevitch. going into his room and letting Levin's hand go as 
though to show that here all danger was over. "I am very, 



24 LEO TOLSTOY 

very glad to see you,' he went on. 'Well, how are you? 
Eh ? When did you come ?' 

Levin was silent, looking at the unknown faces of Oblon- 
sky's two companions, and especially at the hand of the ele- 
gant Grinevitch, which had such long white fingers, such 
long yellow filbert-shaped nails, and such huge shining studs 
on the shirt-cuff, that apparently they absorbed all his atten- 
tion and allowed him no freedom of thought. Oblonsky 
noticed this at once, and smiled. 

'Ah, to be sure, let me introduce you,' he said. 'My col- 
leagues : Philip Ivanitch Nikitin, Mihail Stanislavitch Grine- 
vitch* — and turning to Levin — 'a district councillor, a modern 
district council man, a gymnast who lifts thirteen stone with 
one hand, a cattle-breeder and sportsman, and my friend, 
Konstantin Dmitrievitch Levin, the brother of Sergey Ivano- 
vitch Koznishev.' 

'Delighted,' said the veteran. 

'I have the honour of knowing your brother, Sergey Ivano- 
vitch,' said Grinevitch, holding out his slender hand with 
its long nails. 

Levin frowned, shook hands coldly, and at once turned to 
Oblonsky. Though he had a great respect for his half- 
brother, an author well known to all Russia, he could not 
endure it when people treated him not as Konstantin Levin, 
but as the brother of the celebrated Koznishev. 

'No, I am no longer a district councillor. I have quarrelled 
with them all, and don't go to the meetings any more,' he said, 
turning to Oblonsky. 

'You've been quick about it !' said Oblonsky with a smile. 
'But how? why?' 

'It's a long story. I will tell you some time,' said Levin, 
but he began telling him at once. 'Well, to put it shortly. 
I was convinced that nothing was really done by the district 
councils, or ever could be,' he began, as though some one had 
just insulted him. 'On one side it's a plaything; the}' play 
at being a parliament, and I'm neither young enough nor 
old enough to find amusement in playthings ; and on the other 
side' (he stammered) 'it's a means for the coterie of the 
district to make money. Formerly they had wardships, courts 
of justice, now they have the district council — not in the 



ANNA KARENIN 25 

form of bribes, but in the form of unearned salary,' he said, 
as hotly as though some one of those present had opposed 
his opinion. 

'Aha ! You're in a new phase again, I see — a conserva- 
tive,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'However, we can go into 
that later.' 

"Yes, later. But I wanted to see you,' said Levin, looking 
with hatred at Grinevitch's hand. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch gave a scarcely perceptible smile. 

"How was it you used to say you would never wear Euro- 
pean dress again?' he said, scanning his new suit, obviously 
cut by a French tailor. 'Ah ! I see : a new phase.' 

Levin suddenly blushed, not as grown men blush, slightly, 
without being themselves aware of it, but as boys blush, feel- 
ing that they are ridiculous through their shyness, and con- 
sequently ashamed of it and blushing still more, almost to 
the point of tears. 

And it was so strange to see this sensible, manly face 
in such a childish plight, that Oblonsky left off looking 
at him. 

"Oh, where shall we meet? You know I want very much 
to talk to you," said Levin. 

Oblonsky seemed to ponder. 

Til tell you what: let's go to Gurin's to lunch, and there 
we can talk. I am free till three.' 

'No,' answered Levin, after an instant's thought, 'I have 
got to go on somewhere else.' 

'All right, then, let's dine together.' 

'Dine together? But I have nothing very particular, only 
a few words to say, and a question I want to ask you, and 
we can have a talk afterwards.' 

'Well, say the few words, then, at once, and we'll gossip 
after dinner.' 

'Well, it's this,' said Levin ; 'but it's of no importance, 
though.' 

His face all at once took an expression of anger from the 
effort he was making to .surmount his shyness. 

'What are the Shtcherbatskys doing? Everything as it 
used to be?' he said. , 

Stepan Arkadyevitch, who had long known that Levin was 



26 LEO TOLSTOY 

in love with his sister-in-law, Kitty, gave a hardly perceptible 
smile, and his eyes sparkled merrily. 

'You said a few words, but I can't answer in a few words, 
because . . . Excuse me a minute. . . .' 

A secretary came in, with respectful familiarity and the 
modest consciousness, characteristic of every secretary, of 
superiority to his chief in the knowledge of their business; he 
went up to Oblonsky with some papers, and began, under 
pretence of asking a question, to explain some objection. 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, without hearing him out, laid his hand 
genially on the secretary's sleeve. 

'No, you do as I told you,' he said, softening his words 
with a smile, and with a brief explanation of his view of the 
matter he turned away from the papers, and said: 'So do it 
in that way, if you please, Zahar Nikititch.' 

The secretary retired in confusion. During the consulta- 
tion with the secretary Levin had completely recovered from 
his embarrassment. He was standing with his elbows on 
the back of a chair, and on his face was a look of ironical 
attention. 

'I don't understand it, I don't understand it,' he said. 

'What don't you understand?' said Oblonsky, smiling as 
brightly as ever, and picking up a cigarette. He expected 
some queer outburst from Levin. 

'I don't understand what you are doing,' said Levin, shrug- 
ging his shoulders. 'How can you do it seriously ?' 

'Why not?' 

'Why, because there's nothing in it.' 

'You think so, but we're overwhelmed with work.' 

'On paper. But, there, you've a gift for it,' added Levin. 

'That's to say, you think there's a lack of something in 
me?' 

'Perhaps so,' said Levin. 'But all the same I admire your 
grandeur, and am proud that I've a friend such a great 
person. You've not answered my question, though,' he went 
on, with a desperate effort looking Oblonsky straight in the 
face. 

'Oh, that's all very well. You wait a bit, and you'll come 
to this yourself. It's very nice for you to have over six 
thousand acres in the Karazinsky district, and such muscles. 



ANNA KARENIN 27 

and the freshness of a girl of twelve; still you'll be one of 
us one day. Yes, as ,to your question, there is no change, 
but it's a pity you've been away so long.' 

'Oh, why so?' Levin queried, panic-stricken. 

'Oh, nothing,' responded Oblonsky. 'We'll talk it over. 
But what's brought you up to town?' 

'Oh, we'll talk about that, too, later on,' said Levin, red- 
dening again up to his ears. 

'All right. I see,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'I should 
ask you to come to us, you know, but my wife's not quite 
the thing. But I tell you what: if you want to see them, 
they're sure now to be at the Zoological Gardens from four 
to five. Kitty skates. You drive along there, and I'll come 
and fetch you, and we'll go and dine somewhere together.' 

'Capital. So good-bye till then.' 

'Now mind, you'll forget. I know you, or rush off home to 
the country !' Stepan Arkadyevitch called out, laughing. 

'No, truly !' 

And Levin went out of the room, only when he was in the 
doorway remembering that he had forgotten to take leave of 
Oblonsky's colleagues. 

'That gentleman must be a man of great energy,' said 
Grinevitch, when Levin had gone away. 

'Yes, my dear boy,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, nodding his 
head, 'he's a lucky fellow ! Over six thousand acres in the 
Karazinsky district ; everything before him ; and what youth 
and vigour ! Not like some of us.' 

'You have a great deal to complain of, haven't you, Stepan 
Arkadyevitch ?' 

'Ah, yes ; I'm in a poor way, a bad way/ said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch with a heavy sigh. 



CHAPTER VI 

WHEN Oblonsky asked Levin what had brought him 
to town, Levin blushed, and was furious with 
himself for blushing, because he could not answer, 
'I have come to make your sister-in-law an offer,' though 
that was precisely what he had come for. 

The families of the Levins and the Shtcherbatskys were 
old, noble Moscow families, and had always been on intimate 
and friendly terms. This intimacy had grown still closer 
during Levin's student-days. He had both prepared for the 
university with the young Prince Shtcherbatsky, the brother 
of Kitty and Dolly, and had entered at the same time with 
him. In those days Levin used often to be in the Shtcher- 
batsky's house, and he was in love with the Shtcherbatsky 
household. Strange as it may appear, it was with the house- 
hold, the family that Konstantin Levin was in love, espe- 
cially with the feminine half of the household. Levin did 
not remember his own mother, and his only sister was older 
than he was, so that it was in the Shtcherbatskys' house 
that he saw for the first time that inner life of an old, 
noble, cultivated, and honourable family of which he had 
been deprived by the death of his father and mother. All 
the members of that family, especially the feminine half, 
were pictured by him, as it were, wrapped about with a 
mysterious poetical veil, and he not only perceived no defects 
whatever in them, but under the poetical veil that shrouded 
them he assumed the existence of the loftiest sentiments and 
very possible perfection. Why it was the three young ladies 
had one day to speak French, and the next English; why it 
was that at certain hours they played by turns on the piano, 
the sounds of which were audible in their brother's room 
above, where the students used to work; why they were 
visited by those professors of French literature, of music, 
of drawing, of dancing ; why at certain hours all the three 
young ladies, with IMademoi.selle Linon, drove in the coach 

28 



ANNA KARENTN 29 

to the Tversky boulevard, dressed in their satin cloaks, Dolly 
in a long one, Natalia in a half-long one, and Kitty in 
one so short that her shapely legs in tightly-drawn ^ed 
stockings were visible to all beholders ; why it was they had 
to walk about the Tversky boulevard escorted by a footman 
with a gold cockade in his hat — all this and much more that 
was done in their mysterious world he did not understand, 
but he was sure that everything that was done there was 
very good, and he was in love precisely with the mystery of 
the proceedings. 

In his student-days he had all but been in love with the 
eldest, Dolly, but she was soon married to Oblonsky. Then 
he began being in love with the second. He felt, as it were, 
that he had to be in love with one of the sisters, only he 
could not quite make out which. But Natalia, too, had hardly 
made her appearance in the world when she married the 
diplomat Lvov. Kitty was still a child when Levin left the 
university. Young Shtcherbatsky went into the navy, was 
drowned in the Baltic, and Levin's relations with the Shtcher- 
batskys, in spite of his friendship with Oblonsky, became less 
intimate. But when early in the winter of this year Levin 
came to Moscow, after a year in the country, and saw the 
Shtcherbatskys, he realised which of the three sisters he was 
indeed destined to love. 

One would have thought that nothing could be simpler than 
for him, a man of good family, rather rich than poor, and 
thirty-two years old, to make the young Princess Shtcher- 
batsky an offer of marriage; in all likelihood he would at 
once have been looked upon as a good match. But Levin 
was in love, and so it seemed to him that Kitty was so per- 
fect in every respect, that she was a creature far above 
everything earthly; and that he was a creature so low and 
so earthly, that it could not even be conceived that other 
people and she herself could regard him as worthy of her. 

After spending two months in Moscow in a state of 
enchantment, seeing Kitty almost every day in society, into 
which he went so as to meet her, he abruptly decided that 
it could not be, and went back to the country. 

Levin's conviction that it could not be was founded on 
the idea that in the eyes of her family he was a disadvan- 



30 I.EO TOI.STOY 

tageous and worthless match for the charming Kitty, and 
that Kitty herself could not love him. In her family's eyes 
he had no ordinary, definite career and position in society, 
while his contemporaries by this time, when he was thirty- 
two, were already, one a colonel, and another a professor; 
another director of a bank and railways, or president of a 
board like Oblonsky. But he (he knew very well how he 
must appear to others) was a country gentleman, occupied in 
breeding cattle, shooting game, and building barns ; in other 
words, a fellow of no ability, who had not turned out w^ell, 
and who was doing just what, according to the ideas of the 
world, is done by people fit for nothing else. 

The mysterious, enchanting Kitty herself could not love 
such an ugly person as he conceived himself to be, and above 
all, such an ordinary, in no w^ay striking person. More- 
over, his attitude to Kitty in the past — the attitude of a 
grown-up person to a child, arising from his friendship with 
her brother — seemed to him yet another obstacle to love. An 
ugly, good-natured man, as he considered himself, might he 
supposed, be liked as a friend; but to be loved with such a 
love as that with which he loved Kitty, one would need to 
be a handsome and, still more, a distinguished man. 

He had heard that women often did care for ugly and 
ordinary men, but he did not believe it, for he judged by 
himself, and he could not himself have loved any but beau- 
tiful, mysterious, and exceptional women. 

But after spending two months alone in the country, he 
was convinced that this was not one of those passions of 
which he had had experience in his early youth; that this 
feeling gave him not an instant's rest ; that he could not 
live without deciding the question, would she or would she 
not be his wife, and that his despair had arisen only from 
his own imaginings, that he had no sort of proof that he 
would be rejected. And he had now come to INIoscow with 
a firm determination to make an offer, and get married if he 
were accepted. Or ... he could not conceive what would 
become of him if he were rejected. 



CHAPTER VII 

ON arriving in Moscow by a morning train, Levin had 
put up at the house of his elder half-brother, Kozni- 
shev. After changing his clothes he went down to his 
brother's study, intending to talk to him at once about the 
object of his visit, and to ask his advice ; but his brother was 
not alone. With him there was a well-known professor of 
philosophy, who had come from Harkov expressly to clear 
up a difference that had arisen between them on a very 
important philosophical question. The professor was carry- 
ing on a hot crusade against materialists. Sergey Koznishev 
had been following this crusade with interest, and after read- 
ing the professor's last article, he had written him a letter 
stating his objections. He accused the professor of making 
too great concessions to the materialists. And the professor 
had promptly appeared to argue the matter out. The point 
in discussion was the question then in vogue : Is there a line 
to be drawn between psychological and physiological phe- 
nomena in man? and if so, where? 

Sergey Ivanovitch met his brother with the smile of chilly 
friendliness he always had for every one, and introducing 
him to the professor, went on with the conversation. 

A little man in spectacles, with a narrow forehead, tore 
himself from the discussion for an instant to greet Levin, 
and then went on talking without paying any further atten- 
tion to him. Levin sat down to wait till the professor should 
go, but he soon began to get interested in the subject under 
discussion. 

Levin had come across the magazine articles about which 
they were disputing, and had read them, interested in them 
as a development of the first principles of science, familiar 
to him as a natural science student at the university. But 
he had never connected these scientific deductions as to the 
origin of man as an animal, as to reflex action, biology, and 
sociology, with those questions as to the meaning of life and 

31 



33 LEO TOLSTOY 

death to himself, which had of late been more and more often 
in his mind. 

As he listened to his brother's argument with the professor, 
he noticed that they connected these scientific questions with 
those spiritual problems, that at times they almost touched 
on the latter; but every time they were close upon what 
seemed to him the chief point, they promptly beat a hasty 
retreat, and plunged again into a sea of subtle distinctions, 
reservations, quotations, allusions, and appeals to authorities, 
and it was with difficulty that he understood what they were 
talking about. 

*I cannot admit it,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, with his habit- 
ual clearness, precision of expression, and elegance of phrase. 
'I cannot in any case agree with Keiss that my whole con- 
ception of the external world has been derived from percep- 
tions. The most fundamental idea, the idea of existence, 
has not been received by me through sensation ; indeed, there 
is no special sense-organ for the transmission of such an 
idea.' 

'Yes, but they — Wurt, and Knaust, and Pripasov — would 
answer that your consciousness of existence is derived from 
the conjunction of all your sensations, that that conscious- 
ness of existence is the result of your sensations. Wurt, 
indeed, says plainly that, assuming there are no sensations, 
it follows that there is no idea of existence.' 

'I maintain the contrary,' began Sergey Ivanovitch. 

But here it seemed to Levin that just as they were close 
upon the real point of the matter, they were again retreating, 
and he made up his mind to put a question to the professor. 

'According to that, if my senses are annihilated, if my 
body is dead, I can have no existence of any sort?' he 
queried. 

The professor, in annoyance, and as it were mental suffer- 
ing at the interruption, looked round at the strange inquirer, 
more like a bargeman than a philosopher, and turned his 
eyes upon Sergey Ivanovitch, as though to ask : What's one 
to say to him? But Sergey Ivanovitch, who had been talking 
with far less heat and one-sidedness than the professor,. and 
who had sufficient breadth of mind to answer the professor 
and at the same time to comprehend the simple and natural 



ANNA KARENIN 33 

point of view from which the question was put, smiled and 
said — 

'That question we have no right to answer as yet.' 
'We have not the requisite data,' chimed in the professor, 
and he went back to his argument. 'No,' he said; 'I would 
point out the fact that if, as Pripasov directly asserts, per- 
ception is based on sensation, then we are bound to distin- 
guish sharply between these two conceptions.' 

Levin listened no more, and simply waited for the professor 
to go. 



CHAPTER VIII 

WHEN the professor had gone, Sergey Ivanovitch 
turned to his brother. 
'Delighted that you've come. For some time, is 
it? How's your farming getting on?' 

Levin knew that his elder brother took little interest in 
farming, and only put the question in deference to him, and 
so he only told him about the sale of his wheat and money 
matters. 

Levin had meant to tell his brother of his determination to 
get married, and to ask his advice ; he had indeed firmly 
resolved to do so. But after seeing his brother, listening to 
his conversation with the professor, hearing afterwards the 
unconsciously patronising tone in which his brother ques- 
tioned him about agricultural matters (their mother's prop- 
erty had not been divided, and Levin took charge of both 
their shares). Levin felt that he could not for some reason 
begin to talk to him of his intention of marrying. He felt 
that his brother would not look at it as he would have wished 
him to. 

'Well, how is your district council doing,' asked Sergey 
Ivanovitch, who was greatly interested in these local boards 
and attached great importance to them. 

T really don't know.' 

'What! Why, surely you're a member of the board?' 

'No, I'm not a member now; I've resigned,' answered 
Levin, 'and I no longer attend the meetings.' 

'What a pity !' commented Sergey Ivanovitch, frowning. 

Levin in self-defence began to describe what took place in 
the meetings in his district. 

'That's how it always is !' Sergey Ivanovitch interrupted 
him. 'We Russians are always like that. Perhaps it's our 
strong point, really, the faculty of seeing our own shortcom- 
ings; but we overdo it, we comfort ourselves with irony 
which we always have on the tip of our tongues. All I say 

34 



ANNA KARENIN 35 

is, give such rights as our local self-government to any 
other European people — why, the Germans or thie English 
would have worked their way to freedom from them, while 
we simply turn them into ridicule,' 

'But how can it be helped?' said Levin penitently. 'It 
was my last effort. And I did try with all my soul. I can't. 
I'm no good at it.' 

"It's not that you're no good at it,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, 
'it is that you don't look at it as you should.' 

'Perhaps not,' Levin answered dejectedly. 

'Oh ! do you know brother Nikolay's turned up again ?' 
This brother Nikolay was the elder brother of Konstantin 
Levin, and half-brother of Sergey Ivanovitch; a man utterly 
ruined, who had dissipated the greater part of his fortune, 
was living in the strangest' and lowest company, and had 
quarrelled with his brothers. 

'What did you say?' Levin cried with horror. 'How do 
you know?' 

'Prokofy saw him in the street.' 

'Here in Moscow? Where is he? Do you know?' Levin 
got up from his chair, as though on the point of starting of£ 
at once. 

'I am sorry I told you,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, shak- 
ing his head at his younger brother's excitement. 'I 
sent to find out where he is living, and sent him his I O U 
to Trubin, which I paid. This is the answer he sent me.' 

And Sergey Ivanovitch took a note from under a paper- 
weight and handed it to his brother. 

Levin read in the queer, familiar handwriting: 'I humbly 
beg you to leave me in peace. That's the only favour I ask 
of my gracious brothers. — Nikolay Levin.' 

Levin read it, and without raising his head stood with the 
note in his hands opposite Sergey Ivanovitch. 

There was a struggle in his heart between the desire to 
forget his unhappy brother for the time, and the conscious- 
ness that it would be base to do so. 

'He obviously wants to offend me,' pursued Sergey Ivano- 
vitch ; 'but he cannot offend me, and I should have wished 
with all my heart to assist him, but I know it's impossible 
to do that.' 



3& LEO TOLSTOY 

'Yes, yes,' repeated Levin. 'I understand and appreciate 
your attitude to him ; but I shall go and see him.' 

'If you want to, do; but I shouldn't advise it,' said Sergey 
Ivanovitch. "As regards myself, I have no fear of your 
doing so, he will not make you quarrel with me ; but for your 
own sake, I should say you would do better not to go. You 
can't do him any good; still, do as you please.' 

'Very likely I can't do any good, but I feel — especfally at 
such a moment — but that's another thing — I feel I could not 
be at peace.' 

"Well, that I don't understand,* said Sergey Ivanovitch. 
'One thing I do understand,' he added, 'it's a lesson in humil- 
ity. I have come to look very differently and more chari- 
tably on what is called infamous since brother Nikolay has 
become what he is . . . you know what he did. . . .' 

'Oh, it's awful, awful !' repeated Levin. 

After obtaining his brother's address from Sergey Ivano- 
vitch's footman, Levin was on the point of setting off at once 
to see him, but on second thoughts he decided to put off his 
visit till the evening. The first thing to do to set his heart 
at rest was to accomplish what he had come to Moscow for. 
From his brother's Levin went to Oblonsky's office, and on 
getting news of the Shtcherbatskys from him, he drove to 
the place where he had been told he might find Kitty. 



CHAPTER IX 

AT four o'clock, conscious of his throbbing heart, Levin 
l\ stepped out of a hired sledge at the Zoological Gar- 
-^ — ^ dens, and turned along the path to the frozen mounds 
and the skating-ground, knowing that he would certainly 
find her there, as he had seen the Shtcherbatskys' carriage 
at the entrance. 

It was a bright, frosty day. Rows of carriages, sledges, 
drivers, and policemen were standing in the approach. 
Crowds of well-dressed people, with hats bright in the sun, 
swarmed about the entrance and along the well-swept little 
paths between the little houses adorned with carving in the 
Russian style. The old curly birches of the gardens, all their 
twigs laden with snow, looked as though freshly decked in 
sacred vestments. 

He walked along the path towards the skating-ground, and 
kept saying to himself — 'You mustn't be excited, you must 
be calm. What's the matter with you ? What do you want ? 
Be quiet, stupid,' he conjured his heart. And the more he 
tried to compose himself, the more breathless he found him- 
self. An acquaintance met him and called him by name, but 
Levin did not even recognise him. He went towards the 
mounds, whence came the clank of the chains of sledges as 
they slipped down or were dragged up, the rumble of the 
sliding sledges, and the sounds of merry voices. He walked 
on a few steps, and the skating-ground lay open before his 
eyes, and at once, amidst all the skaters, he knew her. 

He knew she was there by the rapture and the terror that 
seized on his heart. She was standing talking to a lady at 
the opposite end of the ground. There was apparently noth- 
ing striking either in her dress or her attitude. But for 
Levin she was as easy to find in that crowd, as a rose among 
nettles. Everything was made bright by her. She was the 
smile that shed light on all around her. 'Is it possible I can 
go over there on the ice, go up to her?' he thought. The 

31 



38 LEO TOLSTOY 

place where she stood seemed to him a holy shrine, unap- 
proachable, and there was one moment when he was almost 
retreating, so overwhelmed was he with terror. He had 
to make an effort to master himself, and to remind himself 
that people of all sorts were moving about her, and that he 
too might come there to skate. He walked down, for a long 
while avoiding looking at her as at the sun, but seeing her, as 
one does the sun, without looking. 

On that day of the week and at that time of day people 
of one set, all acquainted with one another, used to meet on 
the ice. There were crack skaters there, showing off their 
skill, and learners clinging to chairs with timid, awkward 
movements, boys, and elderly people skating with hygienic 
motives. They seemed to Levin an elect band of blissful 
beings because they were here, near her. All the skaters, it 
seemed, with perfect self-possession, skated towards her, 
skated by her, even spoke to her, and were happy, quite 
apart from her, enjoying the capital ice and the fine weather. 

Nikolay Shtcherbatsky, Kitty's cousin, in a short jacket 
and tight trousers, was sitting on a garden seat with his 
skates on. Seeing Levin, he shouted to him — 

'Ah, the first skater in Russia! Been here long? First- 
rate ice — do put your skates on.' 

'I haven't got my skates,' Levin answered, marvelling at 
this boldness and ease in her presence, and not for one second 
losing sight of her, though he did not look at her. He felt 
as though the sun were coming near him. She was in a 
corner, and turning out her slender feet in their high boots 
with obvious timidity, she skated towards him. A boy in 
Russian dress, desperately waving his arms and bowed down 
to the ground, overtook her. She skated a little uncertainly ; 
taking her hands out of the little muff, that hung on a cord, 
she held them ready for emergency, and looking towards 
Levin, whom she had recognised, she smiled at him and at her 
own fears. When she had got round the turn, she gave 
herself a push off with one foot, and skated straight up to 
Shtcherbatsky. Clutching at his arm, she nodded smiling to 
Levin. She was more splendid than he had imagined her. 

When he thought of her, he could call up a vivid picture of 
her to himself, especially the charm of that little fair head, 



ANNA KARENIN 39 

so freely set on the shapely girlish shoulders, and so full of 
childish brightness and good-humour. The childishness of 
her expression, toget)ier with the delicate beauty of her fig- 
ure, made up her special charm, and that he fully realised. 
But what always struck him in her as something unlooked 
for, was the expression of her eyes, soft, serene, and truthful, 
and above all, her smile, which always transported Levin to 
an enchanted world, where he felt himself softened and 
tender, as he remembered himself in some days of his early 
childhood. 

'Have you been here long ?' she said, giving him her hand. 
'Thank you,' she added, as he picked up the handkerchief 
that had fallen out of her muff. 

'I? I've not long . . . yesterday ... I mean to-day . . . 
I arrived,' answered Levin, in his emotion not at once under- 
standing her question. T was meaning to come and see you,' 
he said ; and then, recollecting with what intention he was 
trying to see her, he was promptly overcome with confusion 
and blushed. 

'I didn't know you could skate, and skate so well.' 

She looked at him earnestly, as though wishing to make out 
the cause of his confusion. 

'Your praise is worth having. The tradition is kept up 
here that you are the best of skaters,' she said, with her little 
black-gloved hand brushing a grain of hoar-frost off her muff. 

'Yes, I used once to skate with passion ; I wanted to reach 
perfection.' 

'You do everything with passion, I think,' she said, smiling. 
T should so like to see how you skate. Put on skates, and let 
us skate together.' 

'Skate together! Can that be possible?' thought Levin, 
gazing at her. 

'I'll put them on directly,' he said. 

And he went off to get skates. 

'It's a long while since we've seen you here, sir,' said the 
attendant, supporting his foot, and screwing on the heel of 
the skate. 'Except you, there's none of the gentlemen first- 
rate skaters. Will that be all right?' said he, tightening the 
strap. 

'Oh, yes, yes; make haste, please,' answered Levin, with 



40 LEO TOLSTOY 

difficulty restraining the smile of rapture which would over- 
spread his face. 'Yes/ he thought, 'this now is life, this is 
happiness ! Together, she said; let us skate together! Speak 
to her now ? But that's just why I'm afraid to speak — be- 
cause I'm happy now, happy in hope, any way. . . . And 
then ? . . . But I must ! I must ! I must ! Away with 
weakness !' 

Levin rose to his feet, took off his overcoat, and scurrying 
over the rough ice round the hut, came out on the smooth ice 
and skated without effort, as it were by simple exercise of will 
increasing and slackening speed and turning his course. He 
approached with timidity, but again her smile reassured him. 

She gave him her hand, and they set off side by side, going 
faster and faster, and the more rapidly they moved the more 
tightly she grasped his hand. 

'With you I should soon learn ; I somehow feel confidence 
in you,' she said to him. 

'And I have confidence in myself when you are leaning on 
me,' he said, but was at once panic-stricken at what he had 
said, and blushed. And indeed, no sooner had he uttered 
these words, when all at once, like the sun going behind a 
cloud, her face lost all its friendliness, and Levin detected the 
familiar change in her expression that denoted the working 
of thought; a crease showed on her smooth brow. 

'Is there anything troubling you ? — though I've no right to 
ask such a question,' he said hurriedly. 

'Oh, why so? . . . No, I have nothing to trouble me,' she 
responded coldly; and she added immediately: 'You haven't 
seen Mile. Linon, have you ?' 

'Not yet.' 

'Go and speak to her, she likes you so much.' 

'What's wrong? I have oft'ended her. Lord help me!' 
thought Levin, and he flew towards the old Frenchwoman 
with the grey ringlets, who was sitting on a bench. Smiling 
and showing her false teeth, she greeted him as an old 
friend. 

'Yes, you see we're growing up,' she said to him, glancing 
towards Kitty, 'and growing old. Tiny bear has grown big 
now !' pursued the Frenchwoman, laughing, and she reminded 
him of his joke about the three young ladies whom he had 



ANNA KAREXIN 41 

compared to the three bears in the English nursery-tale. 'Do 
you remember that's what you used to call them ?' 

He remembered absolutely nothing, but she had been laugh- 
ing at the joke for ten years now, and was fond of it. 

'Now, go and skate, go and skate. Our Kitty has learned 
to skate nicely, hasn't she?' 

When Levin darted up to Kitty her face was no longer 
stern ; her eyes looked at him with the same sincerity and 
friendliness, but Levin fancied that in her friendliness there 
was a certain note of deliberate composure. And he felt 
depressed. After talking a little of her old governess and 
her peculiarities, she questioned him about his life. 

'Surely you must be dull in the country in the winter, 
aren't you ?' she said. 

'No, I'm not dull, I am very busy,' he said, feeling that she 
was holding him in check by her composed tone, which he 
would not have the force to break through, just as it had 
been at the beginning of the winter. 

'Are you going to stay in town long?' Kitty questioned 
him. 

'I don't know,' he answered, not thinking of what he was 
saying. The thought that if he were held in check by her 
tone of quiet friendliness he would end by going back again 
without deciding anything came into his mind, and he re- 
solved to make a struggle against it. 

'How is it you don't know?' 

'I don't know. It depends upon you,' he said, and was 
immediately horror-stricken at his own words. 

Whether it was that she had heard his words, or that she 
did not want to hear them, she made a sort of stumble, twice 
struck out, and hurriedly skated away from him. She skated 
up to Mile. Linon, said something to her, and went towards 
the pavilion where the ladies took oft their skates. 

'My God ! what have I done ! Merciful God ! help me, 
guide me,' said Levin, praying inwardly, and at the same time, 
feeling a need of violent exercise, he skated about, describing 
inner and outer circles. 

At that moment one of the young men, the best of the 
skaters of the day, came out of the coffee-house in his skates, 
with a cigarette in his mouth. Taking a run, he dashed down 

P-3 



42 LEO TOLSTOY 

the steps in his skates, crashing and bounding up and down. 
He flew down, and without even changing the position of his 
hands, skated away over the ice. 

'Ah ! that's a new trick !' said Levin, and he promptly ran 
up to the top to do this new trick. 

'Don't break your neck ! it needs practice !' Nikolay 
Shtcherbatsky shouted after him. 

Levin went to the steps, took a run from above as best he 
could, and dashed down, preserving his balance in this un- 
wonted movement with his hands. On the last step 
he stumbled, but barely touching the ice with his hand, 
with a violent effort recovered himself, and skated off 
laughing. 

'How splendid, how nice he is !' Kitty was thinking at that 
time, as she came out of the pavilion with Mile. Linon, and 
looked towards him with a smile of quiet affection, as though 
he were a favourite brother. 'And can it be my fault, can I 
have done anything wrong? They talk of flirtation. I know 
it's not he that I love ; but still I am happy with him, and 
he's so jolly. Only, why did he say that? . . .' she mused. 

Catching sight of Kitty going away, and her mother meet- 
ing her at the steps. Levin, flushed from his rapid exercise, 
stood still and pondered a minute. He took off his skates, and 
overtook the mother and daughter at the entrance of the 
gardens. 

'Delighted to see you,' said Princess Shtcherbatsky. 'On 
Thursday we are at home, as always.' 

'To-day, then?' 

'We shall be pleased to see you,' the princess said stiffly. 

This stiffness hurt Kitty, and she could not resist the desire 
to smooth over her mother's coldness. She turned her head, 
and with a smile said — 

'Good-bye till this evening.' 

At that moment Stepan Arkadyevitch, his hat cocked on 
one side, with beaming face and eyes, strode into the garden 
like a conquering hero. But as he approached his mother-in- 
law, he responded in a mournful and crestfallen tone to her 
inquiries about Dolly's health. After a little subdued and 
dejected conversation with his mother-in-law, he threw out 
his chest again, and put his arm in Levin's. 



J 



ANNA KAREXIX 43 

'Well, shall we set off?' he asked. 'I've been thinking 
about you all this time, and I'm very, very glad you've come,' 
he said, looking him in the face with a significant air. 

'Yes, come along,' answered Levin in ecstasy, hearing 
unceasingly the sound of that voice saying 'Good-bye till this 
evening,' and seeing the smile with which it was said. 

'To the England or the Hermitage?' 

'I don't mind which.' 

'All right, then, the England,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
selecting that restaurant because he owed more there than at 
the Hermitage, and consequently considered it mean to avoid 
it. 'Have you got a sledge? That's first-rate, for I sent my 
carriage home.' 

The friends hardly spoke all the way. Levin was wonder- 
ing what that change in Kitty's expression had meant, and 
alternately assuring himself that there was hope, and falling 
into despair, seeing clearly that his hopes were insane, and 
yet all the while he felt himself quite another man, utterly 
unlike what he had been before her smile and those words, 
'Good-bye till this evening.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was absorbed during the drive in 
composing the menu of the dinner. 

'You like turbot, don't you ?' he said to Levin as they were 
arriving. 

'Eh?' responded Levin. 'Turbot? Yes, I'm awfully fond 
of turbot/ 



CHAPTER X 

^^7^ HEN Levin went into the restaurant with Oblonsky, 
V Y' he could not help noticing a certain peculiarity of 
" " expression, as it were a restrained radiance, about 
the face and whole figure of Stepan Arkadyevitch. Oblonsky 
took off his overcoat, and with his hat over one ear walked 
into the dining-room, giving directions to the Tatar waiters, 
who were clustered about him in evening coats, bearing 
napkins. Bowing to right and left to the people he met, and 
here as everywhere joyously greeting acquaintances, he went 
up to the sideboard for a preliminary appetiser of fish and 
vodka, and said to the painted Frenchwoman decked in 
ribbons, lace, and ringlets, behind the counter, something so 
amusing that even that Frenchwoman was moved to genuine 
laughter. Levin for his part refrained from taking any vodka 
simply because he felt such a loathing of that Frenchwoman, 
all made up, it seemed, of false hair, poiidre de riz, and 
vinaigre de toilette. He made haste to move away from her, 
as from a dirty place. His whole soul was filled with 
memories of Kitty, and there was a smile of triumph and 
happiness shining in his eyes. 

'This way, your excellency, please. Your excellency won't 
be 'disturbed here,' said a particularly pertinacious, white- 
headed old Tatar with immense hips and coat-tails gaping 
widely behind. 'Walk in, your excellency,' he said to Levin; 
by way of showing his respect to Stepan Arkadyevitch, being 
attentive to his guest as well. 

Instantly flinging a fresh cloth over the round table under 
the bronze chandelier, though it already had a tablecloth on 
it, he pushed up velvet chairs, and came to a standstill before 
Stepan Arkadyevitch with a napkin and a bill of fare in his 
hands, awaiting his commands. 

'If you prefer it, your excellency, a private room will be 
free directly ; Prince Golitsin with a lady. Fresh oysters have 
come in.' 

44 



I 



AXNA KAREXIN 45 

'Ah ! oysters.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch became thoughtful. 

'How if we were to change our programme, Levin?' he 
said, keeping his finger on the bill of fare. And his face ex- 
pressed serious hesitation. 'Are the oysters good ? Mind now.' 

"They're Flensburg, your excellency. We've no Ostend.' 

'Flensburg will do, but are they fresh?' 

'Only arrived yesterday.' 

'Well, then, how if we were to begin with oysters, and so 
change the whole programme? Eh?' 

'It's all the same to me. I should like cabbage soup and 
porridge better than anything; but of course there's nothing 
like that here.' 

'Porridge a la Riisse. your honour would like ?' said the 
Tatar, bending down to Levin, like a nurse speaking to a 
child. 

"No, joking apart, whatever you choose is sure to be good. 
I've been skating, and I'm hungry. And don't imagine,' he 
added, detecting a look of dissatisfaction on Oblonsky's face, 
'that I shan't appreciate your choice. I am fond of good 
things.' 

'I should hope so ! After all, it's one of the pleasures of 
life,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'Well, then, my friend, you 
give us two— or better say three — dozen oysters, clear soup 
with vegetables. . . .' 

'Printanicre,' prompted the Tatar. But Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch apparently did not care to allow him the satisfaction of 
giving the French names of the dishes. 

'With vegetables in it, you know. Then turbot with thick 
sauce, then . . . roast beef; and mind it's good. Yes, and 
capons, perhaps, and then sweets.' 

The Tatar, recollecting that it was Stepan Arkadyevitch's 
way not to call the dishes by the names in the French bill of 
fare, did not repeat them after him, but could not resist 
rehearsing the whole menu to himself according to the bill : — 
'Soiipc printanicre, turbot, sauce Bcaumarchais, pojilard d 
I'estragon, macedoine de fruits . . . etc.,' and then instantly, 
as though worked by springs, laying down one bound bill of 
fare, he took up another, the list of wines, and submitted it 
to Stepan Arkadyevitch. 



46 LEO TOLSTOY 

'What shall we drink?' 

'What you like, only not too much. Champagne,' said 
Levin. 

'What! to start with? You're right though, I dare say. 
Do you like the white seal?' 

'Cachet blanc' prompted the Tatar. 

"Very well, then, give us that brand with the oysters, and 
then we'll see.' 

'Yes, sir. And what table wine ?' 

'You can give us Nuits. Oh no, better the classic 
Chablis.' 

'Yes, sir. And your cheese, your excellency ?' 

'Oh yes, Parmesan. Or would you like another?' 

'No, it's all the same to me,' said Levin, unable to suppress 
a smile. 

And the Tatar ran off with flying coat-tails, and in five 
minutes darted in with a dish of opened oysters on mother-of- 
pearl shells, and a bottle between his fingers. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch crushed the starchy napkin, tucked it 
into his waistcoat, and settling his arms comfortably, started 
on the oysters. 

'Not bad,' he said, stripping the oysters from the pearly 
shell with a silver fork, and swallowing them one after an- 
other. 'Not bad,' he repeated, turning his dewy, brilliant eyes 
from Levin to the Tatar. 

Levin ate the oysters indeed, though white bread and cheese 
would have pleased him better. But he was admiring 
Oblonsky. Even the Tatar, uncorking the bottle and pouring 
the sparkling wine into the delicate glasses, glanced at Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, and settled his white cravat with a perceptible 
smile of satisfaction. 

'You don't care much for oysters, do you?' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, emptying his wine-glass, 'or you're worried 
about something. Eh?' 

He wanted Levin to be in good spirits. But it was not that 
Levin was not in good spirits ; he was ill at ease. With what 
he had in his soul, he felt sore and uncomfortable in the 
restaurant, in the midst of private rooms where men were 
dining with ladies, in all this fuss and bustle ; the surround- 
ings of bronzes, looking-glasses, gas, and waiters — all of it 



ANNA KARENIN 47 

was offensive to him. He was afraid of sullying what his 
soul was brimful of. 

'I ? Yes, I am ; but besides, all this bothers me,' he said. 
'You can't conceive how queer it all seems to a country person 
like me, as queer as that gentleman's nails I saw at your 
place. , . .' 

'Yes, I saw how much interested you were in poor Grine- 
vitch's nails,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, laughing. 

'It's too much for me,' responded Levin. 'Do try, now, 
and put yourself in my place, take the point of view of a 
country person. We in the country try to bring our hands 
into such a state as will be most convenient for working with. 
So we cut our nails ; sometimes we turn up our sleeves. And 
here people purposely let their nails grow as long as they will, 
and link on small saucers by way of studs, so that they can 
do nothing with their hands.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled gaily. 

'Oh yes, that's just a sign that he has no need to do coarse 
work. His work is with the mind. . . .' 

'May be. But still it's queer to me, just at this moment 
it seems queer to me that we country folks try to get our 
meals over as soon as we can, so as to be ready for our work, 
while here we are trying to drag out our meal as long as 
possible, and with that object eating oysters. . . .' 

'Why, of course,' objected Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'But 
that's just the aim of civilisation — to make everything a 
source of enjoyment.' 

'Well, if that's its aim, I'd rather be a savage.' 

'And so you are a savage. All you Levins are savages.' 

Levin sighed. He remembered his brother Nikolay, and 
felt ashamed and sore, and he scowled; but Oblonsky began 
speaking of a subject which at once drew his attention. 

'Oh, I say, are you going to-night to our people, the 
Shtcherbatskys', I mean?' he said, his eyes sparkling signifi- 
cantly as he pushed away the empty rough shells, and drew 
the cheese towards him. 

'Yes, I shall certainly go,' replied Levin ; 'though I fancied 
the princess was not very warm in her invitation.' 

'What nonsense ! That's her manner. . . . Come, boy, the 
soup ! . . . That's her manner — grandc dame' said Stepan 



48 LEO TOLSTOY t 

Arkadyevitch. 'I'm coming too, but I have to go to the 
Countess Bonin's rehearsal. Come, isn't it true that you're a 
savage? How do you explain the sudden way in which you 
vanished from Moscow? The Shtcherbatskys were continu- 
ally asking me about you, as though I ought to know. The 
only thing I know is that you always do what no one else 
does.' 

Yes,' said Levin, slowly and with emotion, 'you're right. 
I am a savage. Only, my savageness is not in having gone 
away, but in coming now. Now I have come . . .' 

'Oh, what a lucky fellow you are !' broke in Stepan Arkad- 
yevitch, looking into Levin's eyes. 

'Why?' 

' "I know a gallant steed by tokens sure, 
And by his eyes I know a youth in love." * 

declaimed Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'Everything is before you.' 

'Why, is it over for you already?' 

'No; not over exactly, but the future is yours, and the 
present is mine, and the present — well, it's not all that it 
might be.' 

'How so?' 

'Oh, things go wrong. But I don't want to talk of myself, 
and besides I can't explain it all,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 
'Well, why have you come to Moscow, then ? . . . Hi ! take 
away !' he called to the Tatar. 

'You guess?' responded Levin, his eyes like deep wells of 
light fixed on Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

'I guess, but I can't be the first to talk about it. You 
can see by that whether I guess right or wrong,' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, gazing at Levin with a subtle smile. 

'Well, and what have you to say to me?' said Levin 
in a quivering voice, feeling that all the muscles of his 
face were quivering too. 'How do you look at the 
question?' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch slowly emptied his glass of Chablis, 
never taking his eyes off Levin. 

*I ?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 'there's nothing I desire so 
much as that — nothing ! It would be the best thing that 
could be.' 



ANNA KARENIN 49 

'But you're not making a mistake? You know what we're 
speaking of?' said Levin, piercing him with his eyes. 'You 
think it's possible?' 

'I think it's possible. Why not possible?' 

'No! do you really think it's possible? No, tell me all 
you think ! Oh, but if ... if refusal's in store for me ! . . . 
Indeed I feel sure . . .' 

'Why should you think that?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
smiling at his excitement. 

'It seems so to me sometimes. That will be awful for me, 
and for her too.' 

'Oh, well, any way there's nothing awful in it for a girl. 
Every girl's proud of an ofifer.' 

'Yes, every girl, but not she.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled. He so well knew that feeling 
of Levin's, that for him all the girls in the world were 
divided into two classes : one class — all the girls in the world 
except her, and those girls with all sorts of human weak- 
nesses, and very ordinary girls; the other class — she alone, 
having no weaknesses of any sort and higher than all human- 
ity. 

'Stay, take some sauce,' he said, holding back Levin's hand 
as it pushed away the sauce. 

Levin obediently helped himself to sauce, but would not let 
Stepan Arkadyevitch go on with his dinner. 

'No, stop a minute, stop a minute,' he said. 'You must 
understand that it's a question of life and death for me. I 
have never spoken to any one of this. And there's no one I 
could speak of it to, except you. You know we're utterly 
unlike each other, different tastes and views and everything ; 
but I know you're fond of me and understand me, and that's 
why I like you awfully. But, for God's sake, be quite 
straightforward with me.' 

'I tell you what I think,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, smil- 
ing. 'But I'll say more: my wife is a wonderful woman. . . .* 
Stepan Arkadyevitch sighed, remembering his position with 
his wife, and, after a moment's silence, resumed — 'She has 
a gift of foreseeing things. She sees right through people; 
but that's not all, she knows what will come to pass, espe- 
cially in the way of marriages. She foretold, for instance, 



so LEO TOLSTOY 

that Princess Shahovskoy would marry Brenteln. No one 
would believe it, but it came to pass. And she's on your 
side.' 

'How do you mean?' 

'It's not only that she likes you — she says that Kitty is 
certain to be your wife.' 

At these words Levin's face suddenly lighted up with a 
smile, a smile not far from tears of emotion. 

'She says that !' cried Levin. 'I always said she was 
exquisite, your wife. There, that's enough, enough said about 
it,' he said, getting up from his seat. 

'AH right, but do sit down.' 

But Levin could not sit down. He walked with his firm 
tread twice up and down the little cage of a room, blinked 
his eyelids that his tears might not fall, and only then sat 
down to the table. 

'You must understand,' said he, 'it's not love. I've been 
in love, but it's not that. It's not my feeling, but a sort of 
force outside me has taken possession of me. I went away, 
you see, because I made up my mind that it could never be, 
you understand, as a happiness that does not come on earth ; 
but I've struggled with myself, I see there's no living with- 
out it. And it must be settled.' 

'What did you go away for?' 

'Ah, stop a minute ! Ah, the thoughts that come crowding 
on one ! The questions one must ask oneself ! Listen. You 
can't imagine what you've done for me by what you said. 
I'm so happy that I've become positively hateful ; I've for- 
gotten everything. I heard to-day that my brother Nikolay 
. . . you know, he's here ... I had even forgotten him. It 
seems to me that he's happy too. It's a sort of madness. 
But one thing's awful. . . . Here, you've been married, you 
know the feeling . . . it's awful that we — old — with a past 
. . . not of love, but of sins . . . are brought all at once 
so near to a creature pure and innocent; it's loathsome, and 
that's why one can't help feeling oneself unworthy.' 

'Oh, well, you've not many sins on your conscience.' 

'Alas ! all the same,' said Levin, 'when with loathing I go 
over my life, I shudder and curse and bitterly regret it. . . . 
Yes.' 



ANNA KARENIN SI 

'What would you have ? The world's made so/ said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

'The one comfort is like that prayer, which I always liked: 
"Forgive me not according to my unworthiness, but accord- 
ing to Thy loving kindness." That's the only way she can 
forgive me.' 



CHAPTER XI 

1EVIN emptied his glass, and they were silent for a while. 
. 'There's one other thing I ought to tell you. Do you 
■ know Vronsky?' Stepan Arkadyevitch asked Levin. 

'No, I don't. Why do you ask?' 

'Give us another bottle,' Stepan Arkadyevitch directed the 
Tatar, who was filling up their glasses and fidgeting round 
them just when he was not wanted. 

'Why you ought to know Vronsky is that he's one of your 
rivals.' 

'Who's Vronsky?' said Levin, and his face was suddenly 
transformed from the look of childlike ecstasy which Oblon- 
sky had just been admiring to an angry and unpleasant 
expression. 

'Vronsky is one of the sons of Count Kirill Ivanovitch 
Vronsky, and one of the finest specimens of the gilded 
youth of Petersburg. I made his acquaintance in Tver 
when I was there on official business, and he came there 
for the levy of recruits. Fearfully rich, handsome, great 
connections, an aide-de-camp, and with all that a very nice, 
good-natured fellow. But he's more than simply a good- 
natured fellow, as I've found out here — he's a cultivated 
man too, and very intelligent ; he's a man who'll make his 
mark.' 

Levin scowled and was dumb. 

'Well, he turned up here soon after you'd gone, and, as I 
can see, he's over head and ears in love with Kitty, and 
you know that her mother . . .' 

'Excuse me. but I know nothing,' said Levin, frowning 
gloomily. And immediately he recollected his brother Niko- 
lay and how hateful he was to have been able to forget 
him. 

'You wait a bit, wait a bit,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
smiling and touching his hand. 'I've told you what I know, 
and I repeat that in this delicate and tender matter, as far 



ANNA KARENIN 53 

as one can conjecture, I believe the chances are in your 
favour.' 

Levin dropped back in his chair ; his face was pale. 

'But I would advise you to settle the thing as soon as 
may be,' pursued Oblonsky, filling up his glass. 

*No, thanks, I ca-^'t drink any more,' said Levin, pushing 
away his glass. 'I shall be drunk. . . . Come, tell me how 
you are getting on ?' he went on, obviously anxious to change 
the conversation. 

'One word more : in any case I advise you to settle the 
question soon. To-night I don't advise you to speak.' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'Go round to-morrow morning, make 
an offer in due form, and God bless you. . . .' 

'Oh, do you still think of coming to me for some shoot- 
ing? Come next spring, do,' said Levin. 

Now his whole soul was full of remorse that he had begun 
this conversation with Stepan Arkadyevitch. A feeling 
such as his was profaned by talk of the rivalry of some 
Petersburg officer, of the suppositions and the counsels of 
Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled. He knew what was passing 
in Levin's soul. 

'I'll come some day,' he said. 'But women, my boy, they're 
the pivot everything turns upon. Things are in a bad way 
with me, very bad. And it's all through women. Tell me 
frankly now,' he pursued, picking up a cigar and keeping one 
hand on his glass ; 'give me your advice.' 

'Why, what is it?' 

'I'll tell you. Suppose you're married, you love your 
wife, but you're fascinated by another woman. . . .' 

'Excuse me, but I'm absolutely unable to comprehend 
how . . . just as I can't comprehend how I could now. after 
my dinner, go straight to a baker's shop and steal a roll.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch's eyes sparkled more than usual. 

'Why not? A roll will sometimes smell so good one can't 
resist it. 

" Himmlisch ist's, wenn ich bezwungen 
Meine irdische Begier ; 
Aber doch wenn's nicht gelungen 

Hatt' ich anch recht hiibsch Plaisir !" ' 



Ml LEO TOLSTOY 

As he said this Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled subtly. Levin 
too could not help smiling. 

'Yes; but joking apart,' resumed Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
'you must understand that the woman is a sweet, gentle, 
loving creature, poor and lonely, and has sacrificed every- 
thing. Now, when the thing's done, don't you see, can one 
possibly cast her off? Even supposing one parts from her, 
so as not to break up one's family life, still, can one help 
feeling for her, setting her on her feet, softening her lot?' 

'Well, you must excuse me there. You know to me all 
women are divided into two classes ... at least no . . . 
truer to say : there are women and there are . . . I've never 
seen exquisite fallen beings, and I never shall see them, 
but such creatures as that painted Frenchwoman at the 
counter with the ringlets are vermin to my mind, and all 
fallen women are the same.' 

'But the Magdalen?' 

*Ah, drop that ! Christ would never have said those words 
if He had known how they would be abused. Of all the 
Gospel those words are the only ones remembered. How- 
ever, I'm not saying so much what I think, as what I feel. 
I have a loathing for fallen women. You're afraid of 
spiders, and I of these vermin. Most likely you've not 
made a study of spiders and don't know their character ; 
and so it is with me.' 

'It's very well for you to talk like that ; it's very much like 
that gentleman in Dickens who used to fling all difficult ques- 
tions over his right shoulder. But to deny the facts is no 
answer. What's to be done — you tell me that, what's to be 
done? Your wife gets older, while you're full of life. 
Before you've time to look round, you feel that you can't 
love your wife with love, however much you may esteem 
her. And then all at once love turns up, and you're done 
for, done for !' Stepan Arkadyevitch said with weary 
despair. 

Levin half smiled. 

'Yes, you're done for,' resumed Oblonsky. 'But what's 
to be done ?' 

'Don't steal rolls.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch laughed outright. 



AXNA KAREXIX 55 

'O moralist ! But you must understand, there are two 
women : one insists only on her rights, and those rights are 
your love, which you can't give her ; and the other sacrifices 
everything for you and asks for nothing. What are you 
to do? How are you to act? There's a fearful tragedy 
in it.' 

'If you care for my profession of faith as regards that, 
I'll tell you that I don't believe there was any tragedy about 
it. And this is why. To my mind, love . . . both the sorts 
of love, which you remember Plato defines in his Banquet, 
serve as the test of men. Some men only understand one 
sort, and some only the other. And those who only know 
the nonplatonic love have no need to talk of tragedy. In 
such love there can be no sort of tragedy. "I'm much 
obliged for the gratification, my humble respects" — that's all 
the tragedy. And in platonic love there can be no tragedy, 
because in that love all is clear and pure, because . . .' 

At that instant Levin recollected his own sins and Ihe 
inner conflict he had lived through. And he added unex- 
pectedly — 

'But perhaps you are right. \'ery likely. ... I don't 
know, I don't know.' 

'It's this, don't you see,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 'you're 
very much all of a piece. That's your strong point and 
your failing. You have a character that's all of a piece, 
and you want the whole of life to be of a piece too — but 
that's not how it is. You despise public official work because 
you want the reality to be invariably corresponding all the 
while with the aim — and that's not how it is. You want a 
man's work, too. always to have a defined aim, and love 
and family life always to be undivided — and that's not how 
it is. All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life 
is made up of light and shadow.' 

Levin sighed and made no reply. He was thinking of 
his own afifairs, and did not hear Oblonsky. 

And suddenly both of them felt that though they were 
friends, though they had been dining and drinking together, 
which should have drawn them closer, yet each was think- 
ing only of his own affairs, and they had nothing to do 
with one another. Oblonsky had more than once experienced 



56 LEO TOLSTOY 

this extreme sense of aloofness, instead of intimacy, coming 
on after dinner, and he knew what to do in such cases. 

'Bill !' he called, and he went into the next room, where 
he promptly came across an aide-de-camp of his acquaint- 
ance and dropped into a conversation with him about an 
actress and her protector. And at once in the conversation 
with the aide-de-camp Oblonsky had a sense of relaxation 
and relief after the conversation with Levin, which always 
put him to too great a mental and spiritual strain. 

When the Tatar appeared with a bill for twenty-six 
roubles and odd kopecks, beside a tip for himself. Levin, who 
would another time have been horrified, like any one from 
the country, at his share of fourteen roubles, did not notice 
it, paid, and set off homewards, to dress and go to the 
Shtcherbatskys' there to decide his fate. 



CHAPTER XII 

THE young Princess Kitty Shtcherbatsky was eighteen. 
It was the first winter that she had been out in the 
world. Her success in society had been greater than 
that of either of her elder sisters, and greater even than her 
mother had anticipated. To say nothing of the young men 
who danced at the Moscow balls being almost all in love with 
Kitty, two serious suitors had already this first winter made 
their appearance : Levin and, immediately after his departure, 
Count Vronsky. 

Levin's appearance at the beginning of the winter, his fre- 
quent visits, and evident love for Kitty, had led to the first 
serious conversations between Kitty's parents as to her future, 
and to disputes between them. The prince was on Levin's 
side ; he said he wished for nothing better for Kitty. The 
princess for her part, going round the question in the manner 
peculiar to women, maintained that Kitty was too young, that 
Levin had done nothing to prove that he had serious inten- 
tions, that Kitty felt no great attraction to him, and other 
side issues ; but she did not state the principal point, which 
was that she looked for a better match for her daughter, and 
that Levin was not to her liking, and she did not understand 
him. When Levin had abruptly departed, the princess was 
delighted, and said to her husband triumphantly : 'You see I 
was right.' When Vronsky appeared on the scene, she was 
still more delighted, confirmed in her opinion that Kitty was 
to make not simply a good, but a brilliant match. 

In the mother's eyes there could be no comparison between 
Vronsky and Levin. She disliked in Levin his strange and 
uncompromising opinions and his shyness in society, founded, 
as she supposed, on his pride and his queer sort of life, as she 
considered it, absorbed in cattle and peasants. She did not 
very much like it that he, who was in love with her daughter, 
had kept coming to the house for six weeks, as though he 
were waiting for something, inspecting, as though he were 

57 



58 LEO TOLSTOY 

afraid he might be doing them too great an honour by making 
an offer, and did not realise that a man, who continually 
visits at a house where there is a young unmarried girl, is 
bound to make his intentions clear. And suddenly, without 
doing so, he disappeared. 'It's as well he's not attractive 
enough for Kitty to have fallen in love with him,' thought 
the mother. 

Vronsky satisfied all the mother's desires. Very wealthy, 
clever, of aristocratic family, on the highroad to a brilliant 
career in the army and at court, and a fascinating man. 
Nothing better could be wished for, 

Vronsky openly flirted with Kitty at balls, danced with her, 
and came continually to the house, consequently there could 
be no doubt of the seriousness of his intentions. But, in spite 
of that, the mother had spent the whole of that winter in a 
state of terrible anxiety and agitation. 

Princess Shtcherbatsky had herself been married thirty 
years ago, her aunt arranging the match. Her husband, 
about whom everything was well known beforehand, had 
come, looked at his future bride, and been looked at. The 
matchmaking aunt had ascertained and communicated their 
mutual impression. That impression had been favourable. 
Afterwards, on a day fixed beforehand, the expected offer 
was made to her parents, and accepted. All had passed very 
simply and easily. So it seemed, at least, to the princess. 
But over her own daughters she had felt how far from simple 
and easy is the business, apparently so commonplace, of mar- 
rying off one's daughter. The panics that had been lived 
through, the thoughts that had been brooded over, the money 
that had been wasted, and the disputes with her husband over 
marrying the two elder girls, Darya and Natalia ! Now, 
since the youngest had come out, she was going through 
the same terrors, the same doubts, and still more violent 
quarrels with her husband than she had over the elder girls. 
The old prince, like all fathers indeed, was exceedingly punc- 
tilious on the score of the honour and reputation of his 
daughters. He was irrationally jealous over his daughters, 
especially over Kitty, who was his favourite. At every turn 
he had scenes with the princess for compromising her daugh- 
ter. The princess had grown accustomed to this already 



ANXA KAREXIX 59 

with her other daughters, but now she felt that there was 
more ground for the prince's touchiness. She saw that of 
late years much was changed in the manners of society, that 
a mother's duties had become still more difficult. She saw 
that girls of Kitty's age formed some sort of clubs, went to 
some sort of lectures, mixed freely in men's society, drove 
about the streets alone, many of them did not curtsey, and, 
what was the most important thing, all of them were firmly 
convinced that to choose their husband was their own affair, 
and not their parents'. 'Marriages aren't made nowadays 
as they used to be,' was thought and said by all these young 
girls, and even by their elders. But how marriages were 
made now, the princess could not learn from any one. The 
French fashion — of the parents arranging their children's 
future — was not accepted ; it was condemned. The English 
fashion of the complete independence of girls was also not 
accepted, and not possible in Russian society. The Russian 
fashion of matchmaking by the offices of intermediate persons 
was for some reason considered unseemly; it was ridiculed 
by every one, and by the princess herself. But how girls were 
to be married, and how parents were to marry them, no one 
knew. Every one with whom the princess had chanced to 
discuss the matter said the same thing: 'Mercy on us, it's 
high time in our day to cast off all that old-fashioned business. 
It's the young people have to marry, and not their parents ; 
and so we ought to leave the young people to arrange it as 
they choose.' It was very easy for any one to say that who 
had no daughters, but the princess realised that in the process 
of getting to know each other, her daughter might fall in 
love, and fall in love with some one who did not care to marry 
her or who was quite unfit to be her husband. And, however 
much it was instilled into the princess that in our times young 
people ought to arrange their lives for themselves, she was 
unable to believe it, just as she would have been unable to 
believe that, at any time whatever, the most suitable play- 
things for children five years old ought to be loaded pistols. 
And so the princess was more uneasy over Kitty than she had 
been over her elder sisters. 

Now she was afraid that Vronsky might confine himself to 
simply flirting with her daughter. She saw that her daughter 



60 LEO TOLSTOY 

was in love with him, but tried to comfort herself with the 
thought that he was an honourable man, and would not do 
this. But at the same time she knew how easy it is, with the 
freedom of manners of to-day, to turn a girl's head, and how 
lightly men generally regard such a crime. The week before, 
Kitty had told her mother of a conversation she had had 
with Vronsky during a mazurka. This conversation had 
partly reassured the princess; but perfectly at ease she could 
not be. Vronsky had told Kitty that both he and his brother 
were so used to obeying their mother that they never made 
up their minds to any important undertaking without con- 
sulting her. 'And just now, I am impatiently awaiting my 
mother's arrival in Petersburg, as peculiarly fortunate,' he 
told her. 

Kitty had repeated this without attaching any significance 
to the words. But her mother saw them in a different light. 
She knew that the old lady was expected from day to day, 
that she would be pleased at her son's choice, and she felt it 
strange that he should not make his offer through fear of 
vexing his mother. However, she was so anxious for the 
marriage itself, and still more for relief from her fears, 
that she believed it was so. Bitter as it was for the princess 
to see the unhappiness of her eldest daughter, Dolly, on the 
point of leaving her husband, her anxiety over the decision 
of her youngest daughter's fate engrossed all her feelings. 
To-day, with Levin's reappearance, a fresh source of anxiety 
arose. She was afraid that her daughter, who had at one 
time, as she fancied, a feeling for Levin, might, from extreme 
sense of honour, refuse Vronsky, and that Levin's arrival 
might generally complicate and delay the affair so near being 
concluded. 

'Why, has he been here long?' the princess asked about 
Levin, as they returned home. 

'He came to-day, mamma' 

'There's one thing I want to say . . .' began the princess, 
and from her serious and alert face, Kitty guessed what it 
would be. 

'Mamma,' she said, flushing hotly and turning quickly to 
her, 'please, please don't say anything about that. I know, I 
know all about it.' 



ANNA KARENIN 61 

She wished for what her mother wished for, but the 
motives of her mother's wishes wounded her. 

"I only want to say that to raise hopes . . .' 

'INIamma, darling, for goodness' sake, don't talk about it. 
It's so horrible to talk about it.' 

'I won't,' said her mother, seeing the tears in her daugh- 
ter's eyes ; 'but one thing, my love ; you promised me you 
would have no secrets from me. You won't?' 

'Never, mamma, none,' answered Kitty, flushing a little, 
and looking her mother straight in the face ; 'but there's no 
use in my telling you anything, and I ... I ... if I wanted 
to, I don't know what to say or how. ... I don't know . . .' 

'No, she could not tell an untruth with those eyes,' thought 
the mother, smiling at her agitation and happiness. The 
princess smiled that what was taking place just now in her 
soul seemed to the poor child so immense and so important. 



CHAPTER XIII 

AFTER dinner, and till the beginning of the evening, 
/\ Kitty was feeling a sensation akin to the sensation 
-^-*- of a young man before a battle. Her heart throbbed 
violently, and her thoughts would not rest on anything. 

She felt that this evening, when they would both meet for 
the first time, would be a turning-point in her life. And she 
was continually picturing them to herself, at one moment 
each separately, and then both together. When she mused 
on the past, she dwelt with pleasure, with tenderness, on the 
memories of her relations with Levin. The memories of 
childhood and of Levin's friendship with her dead brother 
gave a special poetic charm to her relations with him. His 
love for her, of which she felt certain, was flattering and de- 
lightful to her; and it was pleasant for her to think of 
Levin. In her memories of Vronsky there always entered 
a certain element of awkwardness, though he was in the 
highest degree well-bred and at ease, as though there were 
some false note — not in Vronsky, he was very simple and 
nice, but in herself, while with Levin she felt perfectly simple 
and clear. But, on the other hand, directly she thought of 
the future with Vronsky, there arose before her a perspective 
of brilliant happiness; with Levin the future seemed misty. 

When she went upstairs to dress, and looked into the look- 
ing-glass, she noticed with joy that it was one of her good 
days, and that she was in complete possession of all her 
forces, — she needed this so for what lay before her : she 
was conscious of external composure and free grace in her 
movements. 

At half-past seven she had only just gone down into the 
drawing-room, when the footman announced, 'Konstantin 
Dmitrievitch Levin.' The princess was still in her room, and 
the prince had not come in. 'So it is to be,' thought Kitty, 
and all the blood seemed to rush to her heart. She was 
horrified at her paleness, as she glanced into the looking- 

62 



ANNA KARENIN 63 

glass. At that moment she knew beyond doubt that he had 
come early on purpose to find her alone and to make her an 
offer. And then for the first time the whole thing presented 
itself in a new, different aspect; only then she realised that 
the question did not affect her only — with whom she would 
be happy, and whom she loved — but that she would have that 
moment to wound a man whom she liked. And to wound him 
cruelly. What for ? Because he, dear fellow, loved her, was 
in love with her. But there was no help for it, so it must be, 
so it would have to be. 

'My God! shall I myself really have to say it to him?' she 
thought. 'Can I tell him I don't love him? That will be a 
lie. What am I to say to him? That I love some one else? 
No, that's impossible. I'm going away, I'm going away.' 

She had reached the door, when she heard his step. 'No ! 
it's not honest. What have I to be afraid of? I have done 
nothing wrong. What is to be, will be ! I'll tell the truth. 
And with him one can't be ill at ease. Here he is,' she said 
to herself, seeing his powerful, shy figure, with his shining 
eyes fixed on her. She looked straight into his face, as 
though imploring him to spare- her, and gave her hand. 

'It's not time yet ; I think I'm too early,' he said, glancing 
round the empty drawing-room. When he saw that his ex- 
pectations were realised, that there was nothing to prevent 
him from speaking, his face became gloomy, 

'Oh no,' said Kitty, and sat down to the table. 

'But this was just what I wanted, to find you alone,' he 
began, not sitting down, and not looking at her, so as not to 
lose courage. 

'Mamma will be down directly. She was very much tired 
. . . Yesterday . . .' 

She talked on, not knowing what her lips were uttering, 
and not taking her supplicating and caressing eyes off him. 

He glanced at her ; she blushed, and ceased speaking. 

'I told you I did not know whether I should be here long 
. . . that it depended on you . o .' 

She dropped her head lower and lower, not knowing her- 
self what answer she should make to what was coming. 

'That it depended on you,' he repeated. 'I meant to say 
... I meant to say ... I came for this ... to be my wife !' 



64 LEO TOLSTOY 

he brought it out, not knowing what he was saying ; but feel- 
ing that the most terrible thing was said, he stopped short 
and looked at her. . . . 

She was breathing heavily, not looking at him. She was 
feeling ecstasy. Her soul was flooded with happiness. She 
had never anticipated that the utterance of love would pro- 
duce such a powerful effect on her. But it lasted only an in- 
stant. She remembered Vronsky. She lifted her clear, 
truthful eyes, and seeing his desperate face, she answered 
hastily — 

'That cannot be . . . forgive me.' 

A moment ago, and how close she had been to him. of what 
importance in his life ! And how aloof and remote from him 
she had become now ! 

'It was bound to be so,' he said, not looking at her. 

He bowed, and was meaning to retreat. 



CHAPTER XIV 

BUT at that very moment the princess came in. There 
was a look of horror on her face when saw them 
alone, and their disturbed faces. Levin bowed to her, 
and said nothing. Kitty did not speak nor lift her eyes. 
'Thank God, she has refused him,' thought the mother, and 
her face lighted up with the habitual smile with which she 
greeted her guests on Thursdays. She sat down and began 
questioning Levin about his life in the country. He sat down 
again, waiting for other visitors to arrive, in order to retreat 
unnoticed. 

Five minutes later there came in a friend of Kitty's, mar- 
ried the preceding winter. Countess Nordston. 

She was a thin, sallow, sickly, and nervous woman, with 
brilliant black eyes. She was fond of Kitty, and her affection 
for her showed itself, as the affection of married women for 
girls always does, in the desire to make a match for Kitty 
after her own ideal of married happiness; she wanted her to 
marry Vronsky. 

Levin she had often met at the Shtcherbatsky's early in 
the winter, and she had always disliked him. Her invari- 
able and favourite pursuit, when they met, consisted in 
making fun of him. 

T do like it when he looks down at me from the height of 
his grandeur, or breaks oft' his learned conversation with me 
because I'm a fool, or is condescending to me. I like that so; 
to see him condescending ! I am so glad he can't bear me,' 
she used to say of him. 

She was right, for Levin actually could not bear her, and 
despised her for what she was proud of and regarded as a 
fine characteristic — her nervousness, her delicate contempt 
and indift'erence for everything coarse and earthly. 

The Countess Nordston and Levin had got into that rela- 
tion with one another not seldom seen in society, when two 
persons, who remain externally on friendly terms, despise 

65 



66 LEO TOLSTOY 

each other to such a degree that they cannot even take 
each other seriously, and cannot even be offended by each 
other. 

The Countess Nordston pounced upon Levin at once. 

'Ah ! Konstantin Dmitrievitch ! So you've come back to 
our corrupt Babylon,' she said, giving him her tiny, yellow 
hand, and recalling what he had chanced to say early in the 
winter, that Moscow was a Babylon, 'Come, is Babylon 
reformed, or have you degenerated?' she added, glancing with 
a simper at Kitty. 

'It's very flattering for me, countess, that you remember 
my words so well,' responded Levin, who had succeeded in 
recovering his composure, and at once from habit dropped 
into his tone of joking hostility to the Countess Nordston. 
'They must certainly make a great impression on you.' 

'Oh, I should think so ! I always note it all down. Well, 
Kitty, have you been skating again? . . .' 

And she began talking to Kitty. Awkward as it was for 
Levin to withdraw now, it would still have been easier for 
him to perpetrate this awkwardness than to remain all the 
evening and see Kitty, who glanced at him now and then 
and avoided his eyes. He was on the point of getting up, 
when the princess, noticing that he was silent, addressed 
him. 

'Shall you be long in Moscow? You're busy with the dis- 
trict council, though, aren't you, and can't be away for long ?' 

'No, princess, I'm no longer a member of the council,' he 
said. 'I have come up for a few days.' 

'There's something the matter with him,' thought Countess 
Nordston, glancing at his stern, serious face. 'He isn't in his 
old argumentative mood. But I'll draw him out. I do love 
making a fool of him before Kitty, and I'll do it.' 

'Konstantin Dmitritch,' she said to him, 'do explain to me, 
please, what's the meaning of it. You know all about such 
things. At home in our village of Kaluga all the peasants 
and all the women have drunk up all they possessed, and now 
they can't pay us any rent. What's the meaning of that? 
You always praise the peasants so.' 

At that instant another lady came into the room, and Levin 
got up. 



ANNA KARENIN 67 

'Excuse me, countess, but I really know nothing about it, 
and can't tell you anything,' he said, and looked round at the 
officer who came in behind the lady. 

'That must be Vronsky,' thought Levin, and, to be sure of 
it, glanced at Kitty. She had already had time to look at 
Vronsky, and looked round at Levin. And simply from the 
look in her eyes, that grew unconsciously brighter. Levin 
knew that she loved that man, knew it as surely as if she 
had told him so in words. But what sort of man was he? 
Now, whether for good or for ill, Levin could not choose 
but remain; he must find out what the man was like whom 
she loved. 

There are people who, on meeting a successful rival, no 
matter in what, are at once disposed to turn their backs on 
everything good in him, and to see only what is bad. There 
are people, on the other hand, who desire above all to find in 
that lucky rival the qualities by which he has outstripped 
them, and seek with a throbbing ache at heart only what is 
good. 

Levin belonged to the second class. But he had no 
difficulty in finding what was good and attractive in Vronsky. 
It was apparent at the first glance. Vronsky was a squarely 
built, dark man, not very tall, with a good-humoured, hand- 
some, and exceedingly calm and resolute face. Everything 
about his face and figure, from his short-cropped black hair 
and freshly shaven chin down to his loosely fitting, bran-new 
uniform, was simple and at the same time elegant. Making 
way for the lady who had come in, Vronsky went up to the 
princess and then to Kitty. 

As he approached her, his beautiful eyes shone with a 
specially tender light, and with a faint, happy, and modestly 
triumphant smile (so it seemed to Levin), bowing carefully 
and respectfully over her, he held out his small broad hand 
to her. 

Greeting and saying a few words to every one, he sat down 
without once glancing at Levin, who had never taken his eyes 
off him. 

'Let me introduce you,' said the princess, indicating Levin. 
'Konstantin Dmitritch Levin, Count Alexey Kirillovitch 
Vronsky.' 



68 LEO TOLSTOY 

Vronsky got up and, looking cordially at Levin, shook 
hands with him. 

'I believe I was to have dined with you this winter,' he said, 
smiling his simple and open smile ; 'but you had unexpectedly 
left for the country.' 

'Konstantin Dmitritch despises and hates town and us 
townspeople,' said Countess Nordston. 

'My words must make a deep impression on you, since you 
remember them so well,' said Levin, and, suddenly conscious 
that he had said just the same thing before, he reddened. 

Vronsky looked at Levin and Countess Nordston, and 
smiled. 

'Are you always in the country?' he inquired. 'I should 
think it must be dull in the winter.' 

'It's not dull if one has work to do ; besides, one's not dull 
by oneself,' Levin replied abruptly. 

'I am fond of the country,' said Vronsky, noticing, and 
affecting not to notice. Levin's tone. 

'But I hope, count, you would not consent to live in the 
country always,' said Countess Nordston. 

'I don't know ; I have never tried for long. I experienced 
a queer feeling once,' he went on. 'I never longed so for the 
country, Russian country, with bast shoes and peasants, as 
when I was spending a winter with my mother in Nice. Nice 
itself is dull enough, you know. And indeed, Naples and 
Sorrento are only pleasant for a short time. And it's just 
there that Russia comes back to me most vividly, and espe- 
cially the country. It's as though . . .' 

He talked on, addressing both Kitty and Levin, turning his 
serene, friendly eyes from one to the other, and saying obvi- 
ously just what came into his head. 

Noticing that Countess Nordston wanted to say something, 
he stopped short without finishing what he had begun, and 
listened attentively to her. 

The conversation did not flag for an instant, so that the 
princess, who always kept in reserve, in case a subject should 
be lacking, two heavy guns — the relative advantages of classi- 
cal and modern education, and universal military service — 
had not to move out either of them, while Countess Nordston 
had not a chance of chaffing Levin. 



ANNA KARENIX 69 

Levin wanted to, and could not, take part in the general 
conversation ; saying to himself every instant, 'Now go,' he 
still did not go, as though waiting for something. 

The conversation fell upon table-turning and spirits, 
and Countess Nordston, who believed in spiritualism, began 
to describe the marvels she had seen. 

*Ah, countess, you really must take me, for pity's sake 
do take me to see them ! I have never seen anything extra- 
ordinary, though I am always on the look-out for it every- 
where,' said Vronsky, smiling. 

'Very well, next Saturday,' answered Countess Nordston. 
'But you, Konstantin Dmitritch, do you believe in it?' she 
asked Levin. 

'Why do you ask me? You know what I shall say.' 

'But I want to hear your opinion.' 

'My opinion,' answered Levin, 'is only that this table- 
turning simply proves that educated society — so called — is no 
higher than the peasants. They believe in the evil eye, and in 
witchcraft and omens, while we . . .' 

'Oh, then you don't believe in it ?' 

'I can't believe in it, countess.' 

'But if I've seen it myself?' 

'The peasant women too tell us they have seen goblins.' 

'Then you think I tell a lie?' 

And she laughed a mirthless laugh. 

'Oh no, Masha, Konstantin Dmitritch said he could not 
believe in it,' said Kitty, blushing for Levin, and Levin saw 
this, and, still more exasperated, would have answered, but 
Vronsky with his bright frank smile rushed to the support of 
the conversation, which was threatening to become dis- 
agreeable. 

'You do not admit the conceivability at all?' he queried. 
'But why not? We admit the existence of electricity, of 
which we know nothing. Why should there not be some new 
force, still unknown to us, which . . .' 

'When electricity was discovered,' Levin interrupted hur- 
riedly, 'it was only the phenomenon that was discovered, and 
it was unknown from what it proceeded and what were its 
effects, and ages passed before its applications were con- 
ceived. But the spiritualists have begun with tables writing 



70 LEO TOLSTOY 

for them, and spirits appearing to them, and have only later 
started saying that it is an unknown force.' 

Vronsky listened attentively to Levin, as he always did 
listen, obviously interested in his words. 

'Yes, but the spiritualists say we don't know at present 
what this force is, but there is a force, and these are the con- 
ditions in which it acts. Let the scientific men find out what 
the force consists in. No, I don't see why there should not 
be a new force, if it . . .' 

'Why, because with electricity,' Levin interrupted again, 
'every time you rub tar against wool, a recognised phe- 
nomenon is manifested, but in this case it does not 
happen every time, and so it follows it is not a natural 
phenomenon.' 

Feeling probably that the conversation was taking a tone 
too serious for a drawing-room, Vronsky made no rejoinder, 
but by way of trying to change the conversation, he smiled 
brightly, and turned to the ladies. 

'Do let us try at once, countess,' he said; but Levin would 
finish what he thought. 

'I think,' he went on, 'that this attempt of the spiritualists 
to explain their marvels as some sort of new natural force is 
most futile. They boldly talk of a spiritual force, and then 
try to subject it to material experiment.' 

Every one was waiting for him to finish, and he felt it. 

'And I think you would be a first-rate medium,' said Coun- 
tess Nordston ; 'there's something enthusiastic in you.' 

Levin opened his mouth, was about to say something, red- 
dened, and said nothing. 

'Do let us try table-turning at once, please,' said Vronsky. 
'Princess, will you allow it?' 

And Vronsky stood up, looking about for a little table. 

Kitty got up to fetch a table, and as she passed, her eyes 
met Levin's. She felt for him with her whole heart, the more 
because she was pitying him for suffering of which she was 
herself the cause. 'If you can forgive me, forgive me,' said 
her eyes, 'I am so happy.' 

'I hate them all, and you, and myself,' his eyes responded, 
and he took up his hat. But he was not destined to escape. 
Just as they were arranging themselves round the table, and 



ANNA KARENIN 71 

Levin was on the point of retiring, the old prince came in, and 
after greeting the ladies, addressed Levin. 

'Ah!' he began joyously. 'Been here long, my boy? I 
didn't even know you were in the town. Very glad to see 
you.' The old prince embraced Levin, and talking to him did 
not observe Vronsky, who had risen, and was serenely wait- 
ing till the prince should turn to him. 

Kitty felt how distasteful her father's warmth was to Levin 
after what had happened. She saw, too, how coldly her 
father responded at last to Vronsky's bow, and how Vronsky 
looked with amiable perplexity at her father, as though try- 
ing and failing to understand how and why any one could be 
hostilely disposed towards him, and she flushed. 

'Prince, let us have Konstantin Dmitritch,' said Countess 
Nordston ; 'we want to try an experiment.' 

'What experiment? Table-turning? Well, you must ex- 
cuse me, ladies and gentlemen, but to my mind it is better fun 
to play the ring game,' said the old prince, looking at 
Vronsky, and guessing that it had been his suggestion. 
'There's some sense in that, anyway.' 

Vronsky looked wonderingly at the prince with his resolute 
eyes, and, with a faint smile, began immediately talking to 
Countess Nordston of the great ball that was to come off 
next week. 

'I hope you will be there?' he said to Kitty. As soon as 
the old prince turned away from him. Levin went out un- 
noticed, and the last impression he carried away with him 
of that evening was the smiling, happy face of Kitty answer- 
ing Vronsky's inquiry about the ball. 



CHAPTER XV 

AT the end of the evening Kitty told her mother of her 
/A conversation with Levin, and in spite of all the pity 
-^-^ she felt for Levin, she was glad at the thought that 
she had received an offer. She had no doubt that she had 
acted rightly. But after she had gone to bed, for a long 
while she could not sleep. One impression pursued her 
relentlessly. It was Levin's face, with his scowling brows, 
and his kind eyes looking out in dark dejection below them, 
as he stood listening to her father, and glancing at her and 
at Vronsky. And she felt so sorry for him that tears came 
into her eyes. But immediately she thought of the man for 
whom she had given him up. She vividly recalled his manly, 
resolute face, his noble self-possession, and the good-nature 
conspicuous in everything towards every one. She remem- 
bered the love for her of the man she loved, and once more 
all was gladness in her soul, and she lay on the pillow, smiling 
with happiness. 

'I'm sorry, I'm sorry; but what could I do? It's not 
my fault,' she said to herself ; but an inner voice told 
her something else. Whether she felt remorse at having won 
Levin's love, or at having refused him, she did not know. 
But her happiness was poisoned by doubts. 'Lord, have pity 
on us; Lord, have pity on us; Lord, have pity on us!' she 
repeated to herself, till she fell asleep. 

Meanwhile there took place below, in the prince's little 
library, one of the scenes so often repeated between the par- 
ents on account of their favourite daughter. 

'What? I'll tell you what!' shouted the prince, waving 
his arms, and at once wrapping his squirrel-lined dressing- 
gown round him again. 'That you've no pride, no dignity ; 
that you're disgracing, ruining your daughter by this vulgar, 
stupid matchmaking !' 

'But, really, for mercy's sake, prince, what have I done T 
said the princess, almost crying. 



ANXA KARENIN 73 

She, pleased and happy after her conversation with her 
daughter, had gone to the prince to say good-night as usual, 
and though she had no intention of telling him of Levin's 
offer and Kitty's refusal, still she hinted to her husband that 
she fancied things were practically settled with Vronsky, 
and that he would declare himself so soon as his mother 
arrived. And thereupon, at those words, the prince had all 
at once flown into a passion, and began to use unseemly 
language. 

"What have you done? I'll tell you what. First of all, 
you're trying to catch an eligible gentleman, and all Moscow 
will be talking of it, and with good reason. If you have 
evening parties, invite every one, and don't pick out the pos- 
sible suitors. Invite all the young bucks. Engage a piano- 
player and let them dance, and not as you do things nowa- 
days, hunting up good matches. It makes me sick, sick to see 
it, and you've gone on till you've turned the poor wench's 
head. Levin's a thousand times the better man. As for this 
little Petersburg swell, they're turned out by machinery, all 
on one pattern, and all precious rubbish. But if he were a 
prince of the blood, my daughter need not run after any one.' 

"But what have I done?' 

'Why you've . . .' The prince was crying wrath fully. 

'I know if one were to listen to you,' interrupted the 
princess, 'we should never marry our daughter. If it's to be 
so, we'd better go into the country.' 

'Well, we had better.' 

'But do wait a minute. Do I try and catch them? I don't 
try to catch them in the least. A young man, and a very nice 
one, has fallen in love with her, and she, I fancy . . .' 

'Oh yes, you fancy ! And how if she really is in love, and 
he's no more thinking of marriage than I am ! . . . Oh. that 
I should live to see it ! . . . Ah ! spiritualism ! Ah ! Nice ! 
Ah ! the ball !' And the prince, imagining that he was mim- 
icking his wife, made a mincing curtsey at each word. 'And 
this is how we're preparing wretchedness for Kitty ; and she's 
really got the notion into her head . . .' 

'But what makes you suppose so?' 

'I don't suppose ; I know. We have eyes for such things, 
though women-folk haven't. I see a man who has serious 

P-4 



74 LEO TOLSTOY 

intentions, that's Levin ; and I see a peacock, like this feather- 
head, who's only amusing himself.' 

'Oh, well, when once you get an idea into your head ! . . .' 

'Well, you'll remember my words, but too late, just as with 
Dolly.' 

'Well, well, we won't talk of it,' the princess stopped him, 
recollecting her unlucky Dolly. 

"By all means, and good night !' 

And signing each other with the cross, the husband and 
wife parted with a kiss, feeling that they each remained of 
their own opinion. 

The princess had at first been quite certain that that eve- 
ning had settled Kitty's future, and that there could be no 
doubt of Vronsky's intentions, but her husband's words had 
disturbed her. And returning to her own room, in terror 
before the unknown future, she too, like Kitty, repeated sev- 
eral times in her heart, 'Lord, have pity; Lord, have pity; 
Lord, have pity !' 



CHAPTER XVI 

VRONSKY had never had a real home-life. His mother 
had been in her youth a brilHant society woman, who 
had had during her married hfe, and still more after- 
wards, many love-affairs notorious in the whole fashionable 
world. His father he scarcely remembered, and he had been 
educated in the Corps of Pages. 

Leaving the school very young as a brilliant officer, he had 
at once got into the circle of wealthy Petersburg army men. 
Although he did go more or less into Petersburg society, his 
love-affairs had always hitherto been outside it. 

In Moscow he had for the first time felt, after his luxurious 
and coarse life at Petersburg, all the charm of intimacy with 
a sweet and innocent girl of his own rank, who cared for 
him. It never even entered his head that there could be any 
harm in his relations with Kitty. At balls he danced princi- 
pally with her. He was a constant visitor at their house. 
He talked to her as people commonly do talk in society — all 
sorts of nonsense, but nonsense to which he could not help 
attaching a special meaning in her case. Although he said 
nothing to her that he could not have said before everybody, 
he felt that she was becoming more and more dependent upon 
him, and the more he felt this, the better he liked it, and the 
tenderer was his feeling for her. He did not know that his 
mode of behaviour in relation to Kitty had a definite char- 
acter, that it is courting young girls with no intention of mar- 
riage, and that such courting is one of the evil actions 
common among brilliant young men such as he was. It 
seemed to him that he was the first who had discovered 
this pleasure, and he was enjoying his discovery. 

If he could have heard what her parents were saying thaf 
evening, if he could have put himself at the point of view of 
the family and have heard that Kitty would be unhappy if he 
did not marry her, he would have been greatly astonished, and 
would not have believed it. He could not believe that what 

75 



to LEO TOLSTOY 

gave such great and delicate pleasure to him, and above all 
to her, could be wrong. Still less could he have believed that 
he ought to marry. 

Marriage had never presented itself to him as a possibility. 
He not only disliked family life, but a family, and especially 
a husband was, in accordance with the views general in the 
bachelor world in which he lived, conceived as something 
alien, repellent, and, above all, ridiculous. 

But though Vronsky had not the least suspicion what the 
parents were saying, he felt on coming away from the 
Shtcherbatskys' that the secret spiritual bond which existed 
between him and Kitty had grown so much stronger that 
evening that some step must be taken. But what step could 
and ought to be taken he could not imagine. 

'What is so exquisite,' he thought, as he returned from the 
Shtcherbatskys', carrying away with him, as he always did, a 
delicious feeling of purity and freshness, arising partly from 
the fact that he had not been smoking for a whole evening, 
and with it a new feeling of tenderness at her love for him — 
'what is so exquisite is that not a word has been said by me 
or by her, but we understand each other so well in this unseen 
language of looks and tones, that this evening more clearly 
than ever she told me she loves me. And how secretly, sim- 
ply, and most of all, how trustfully ! I feel myself better, 
purer. I feel that I have a heart, and that there is a great 
deal of good in me. Those sweet, loving eyes ! When she 
said: ''Indeed I do . . ." 

'Well, what then? Oh, nothing. It's good for me, and 
good for her.' And he began wondering where to finish the 
evening. 

He passed in review the places he might go to. 'Club? a 
game of bezique, champagne with Ignatov? No, I'm not 
going. Chateau des Fleurs ; there I shall find Oblonsky, 
songs, the cancan. No, I'm sick of it. That's why I like the 
Shtcherbatskys', that I'm growing better. I'll go home.' 
He went straight to his room at Dussots' Hotel, ordered 
supper, and then undressed, and as soon as his head touched 
the pillow, fell into a sound sleep. 



CHAPTER XVII 

NEXT day at eleven o'clock in the morning Vronsky 
drove to the station of the Petersburg railway to meet 
his mother, and the first person he came across on the 
great flight of steps was Oblonsky, who was expecting his 
sister by the same train. 

'Ah ! your excellency !' cried Oblonsky, 'whom are you 
meeting?' 

'My mother,' Vronsky responded, smiling, as every one did 
who met Oblonsky. He shook hands with him, and together 
they ascended the steps. 'She is to be here from Petersburg 
to-day.' 

'I was looking out for you till two o'clock last night. 
Where did you go after the Shtcherbatskys'?' 

'Home,' answered Vronsky. "I must own I felt so well 
content yesterday after the Shtcherbatskys' that I didn't care 
to go anywhere.' 

' "I know a gallant steed by tokens sure. 
And by his eyes I know a youth in love." * 

declaimed Stepan Arkadyevitch, just as he had done before to 
Levin. 

Vronsky smiled with a look that seemed to say that he did 
not deny it, but he promptly changed the subject. 

'And whom are you meeting? ' he asked. 

'I ? I've come to meet a pretty woman,' said Oblonsky, 

'You don't say so !' 

'Honi soil qiii mal y pense ! My sister Anna.' 

'Ah ! that's Madame Karenin,' said Vronsky. 

'You know her no doubt ?' 

'I think I do. Or perhaps not ... I really am not sure,' 
Vronsky answered heedlessly, with a vague recollection of 
something stiff and tedious evoked by the name Karenin. 

'But Alexey Alexandrovitch, my celebrated brother-in-law, 
you surely must know. All the world knows him.' 

77 



78 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I know him by reputation and by sight. I know that he's 
clever, learned, religious somewhat . . . But you know that's 
not . . . not in viy line,' said Vronsky in English. 

'Yes, he's a very remarkable man ; rather a conservative, 
but a splendid man,' observed Stepan Arkadyevitch, 'a 
splendid man.' 

"Oh, well, so much the better for him,' said Vronsky smil- 
ing. 'Oh, you've come,' he said, addressing a tall old foof- 
man of his mother's, standing at the door; 'come here.' 

Besides the charm Oblonsky had in general for every one, 
Vronsky had felt of late specially drawn to him by the fact 
that in his imagination he was associated with Kitty. 

'Well, what do you say? Shall we give a supper on Sun- 
day for the diva?' he said to him with a smile, taking his arm. 

'Of course. I'm collecting subscriptions. Oh, did you 
make the acquaintance of my friend Levin?' asked Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

'Yes ; but he left rather early.' 

'He's a capital fellow,' pursued Oblonsky. 'Isn't he?' 

'I don't know why it is,' responded Vronsky, 'in all Mos- 
cow people — present company of course excepted,' he put in 
jestingly, 'there's something uncompromising. They are all 
on the defensive, lose their tempers, as though they all want 
to make one feel something. . . .' 

'Yes, that's true, it is so,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, laugh- 
ing good-humouredly. 

'Will the train soon be in ?' Vronsky asked a railway official. 

'The train's signalled,' answered the man. 

The approach of the train was more and more evident by 
the preparatory bustle in the station, the rush of porters, the 
movement of policemen and attendants, and people meeting 
the train. Through the frosty vapour could be seen workmen 
in short sheepskins and soft felt boots crossing the rails of 
the curving line. The hiss of the boiler could be heard on 
the distant rails, and the rumble of something heavy. 

'No,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, who felt a great inclination 
to tell Vronsky of Levin's intentions in regard to Kitty. 'No, 
you've not got a true impression of Levin. He's a very 
nervous man, and is sometimes out of humour, it's true, but 
then he is often very nice. He's such a true, honest nature, 



ANNA KARENIN 79 

and a heart of gold. But yesterday there were special rea- 
sons,' pursued Stepan Arkadyevitch, with a meaning smile, 
totally oblivious of the genuine sympathy he had felt the day 
before for his friend, and feeling the same sympathy now, 
only for Vronsky. 'Yes, there were reasons why he could 
not help being either particularly happy or particularly un- 
happy.' 

Vronsky stood still and asked directly : 'How so ? Do you 
mean he made your bellc-sccur an offer yesterday?' 

'May be,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'I fancied something 
of the sort yesterday. Yes, if he went away early, and was 
out of humour too, it must mean it . . . He's been so long in 
love, and I'm very sorry for him.' 

'So that's it ! ... I should imagine, though, she might 
reckon on a better match,' said Vronsky, drawing himself up 
and walking about again, 'though I don't know him, of 
course,' he added. 'Yes, that is a hateful position ! That's 
why most fellows prefer to have to do with Klaras. H you 
don't succeed with them it only proves that you've not enough 
cash, but in this case one's dignity's at stake. But here's the 
train.' 

The engine had already whistled in the distance. A few 
instants later the platform was quivering, and with puffs of 
steam hanging low in the air from the frost, the engine rolled 
up, with the lever of the middle wheel rhythmically moving 
up and down, and the stooping figure of the engine-driver 
covered with frost. Behind the tender, setting the platform 
more and more slowly swaying, came the luggage-van with a 
dog whining in it. At last the passenger carriages rolled in, 
oscillating before coming to a standstill. 

A smart guard jumped out, giving a whistle, and after him 
one by one the impatient passengers began to get down : an 
officer of the guards, holding himself erect, and looking 
severely about him ; a nimble little merchant with a satchel, 
smiling gaily ; a peasant with a sack over his shoulder. 

Vronsky standing beside Oblonsky, watched the carriages 
and the passengers, totally oblivious of his mother. What he 
had just heard about Kitty excited and delighted him. Un- 
consciously he arched his chest, and his eyes flashed. He felt 
himself a conqueror. 



80 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Countess Vronsky is in that compartment,' said the smart 
guard, going up to Vronsky. 

The guard's words roused him, and forced him to think of 
his mother and his approaching meeting with her. He did 
not in his heart respect his mother, and without acknowledg- 
ing it to himself, he did not love her, though in accordance 
with the ideas of the set in which he lived, and with his own 
education, he could not have conceived of any behaviour to 
his mother not in the highest degree respectful and obedient, 
and the more externally obedient and respectful his behav- 
iour, the less in his heart he respected and loved her. 



CHAPTER XVIII 

VRONSKY followed the guard to the carriage, and at 
the door of the compartment he stopped short to make 
room for a lady who was getting out. 

With the insight of a man of the world, from one glance at 
this lady's appearance Vronsky classified her as belonging to 
the best society. He begged pardon, and was getting into the 
carriage, but felt he must glance at her once more ; not that 
she was very beautiful, not on account of the elegance and 
modest grace which were apparent in her whole figure, but 
because in the expression of her charming face, as she passed 
close by him, there was something peculiarly caressing and 
soft'. As he looked round, she too turned her head. Her 
shining grey eyes, that looked dark from the thick lashes, 
rested with friendly attention on his face, as though she 
were recognising him, and then promptly turned away to the 
passing crowd, as though seeking some one. In that brief 
look Vronsky had time to notice the suppressed eagerness 
which played over her face, and flitted between the brilliant 
eyes and the faint smile that curved her red lips. It was as 
though her nature were so brimming over with something 
that against her will it showed itself now in the flash of her 
eyes, and now in her smile. Deliberately she shrouded the 
light in her eyes, but it shone against her will in the faintly 
perceptible smile. 

Vronsky stepped into the carriage. His mother, a dried-up 
old lady with black eyes and ringlets, screwed up her eyes, 
scanning her son, and smiled slightly with her thin lips. 
Getting up from the seat and handing her maid a bag, 
she gave her little wrinkled hand to her son to kiss, 
and lifting his head from her hand, kissed him on the 
cheek. 

'You got my telegram? Quite well? Thank God.' 

'You had a good journey?' said her son, sitting down beside 
her, and involuntarily listening to a woman's voice outside, 

81 



83 LEO TOLSTOY 

the door. He knew it was the voice of the lady he had met 
at the door. 

'All the same I don't agree with you,' said the lady's voice. 

'It's the Petersburg view, madamc.' 

'Not Petersburg, but simply feminine,' she responded. 

'Well, well, allow me to kiss your hand.' 

'Good-bye, Ivan Petrovitch. And would you see if my 
brother is here, and send him to me?' said the lady in the 
doorway, and stepped back again into the compartment. 

'Well, have you found your brother?' said Countess 
Vronsky, addressing the lady. 

Vronsky understood now that this was Madame Karenin. 

'Your brother is here,' he said, standing up. 'Excuse me, 
I did not know you, and, indeed, our acquaintance was so 
slight,' said Vronsky bowing, 'that no doubt you do not 
remember me.' 

'Oh no,' said she, 'I should have known you because your 
mother and I have been talking, I think, of nothing but you 
all the way.' As she spoke she let the eagerness that would 
insist on coming out show itself in her smile. 'And still no 
sign of my brother.' 

'Do call him, Alexy,' said the old countess. Vronsky 
stepped out on to the platform and shouted-, -r 

'Oblonsky ! Here !' 

Madame Karenin, however, did not wait for her brother, 
but catching sight of him she stepped out with her light, 
resolute step. And as soon as her brother had reached her, 
with a gesture that struck Vronsky by its decision and its 
grace, she flung her left arm round his neck, drew him 
rapidly to her, and kissed him warmly. Vronsky gazed, never 
taking his eyes from her, and smiled, he could not have said 
why. But recollecting that his mother was waiting for him, 
he went back again into the carriage. 

'She's very sweet, isn't she?' said the countess of Madame 
Karenin. 'Her husband put her with me, and I was delighted 
to have her. We've been talking all the way. And so you, 
I hear . . . vous filcz Ic parfait amour. Taut mienx, mon 
chcr, tant micux.' 

'I don't know what you are referring to, maman,' he 
answered coldly. 'Come, maman, let us go.' 



ANNA KAREXIX 83 

Madame Karenin entered the carriage again to say good- 
bye to the countess. 

'Well, countess, you have met your son, and I my brother,' 
she said. 'And all my gossip is exhausted. I should have 
nothing more to tell you.' 

'Oh no,' said the countess, taking her hand. 'I could go all 
round the world with you and never be dull. You are one 
of those delightful women in whose company it's sweet to be 
silent as well as to talk. Now please don't fret over your 
son ; you can't expect never to be parted.' 

Madame Karenin stood quite still, holding herself very 
erect, and her eyes were smiling. 

'Anna Arkadyevna,' the countess said in explanation to 
her son, 'has a little son eight years old, I believe, and she 
has never been parted from him before, and she keeps fret- 
ting over leaving him.' 

'Yes, the countess and I have been talking all the time, 
I of my son and she of hers,' said Madame Karenin, and 
again a smile lighted up her face, a caressing smile intended 
for him. 

'I am afraid that you must have been dreadfully bored,' 
he said, promptly catching the ball of coquetry she had flung 
him. But apparently she did not care to pursue the conversa- 
tion in that strain, and she turned to the old countess. 

'Thank you so much. The time has passed so quickly. 
Good-bye, countess.' 

'Good-bye, my love,' answered the countess. 'Let me have 
a kiss of your pretty face. I speak plainly, at my age, and I 
tell you simply that I've lost my heart to you.' 

Stereotyped as the phrase was, Madame Karenin obviously 
believed it and was delighted by it. She flushed, bent down 
slightly, and put her cheek to the countess's lips, drew herself 
up again, and with the same smile fluttering between her lips 
and her eyes, she gave her hand to Vronsky. He pressed the 
little hand she gave him, and was delighted, as though 
at something special, by the energetic squeeze with which 
she freely and vigorously shook his hand. She went out 
with the rapid step, which bore her rather fully-developed 
figure with such strange lightness. 

'Very charming,' said the countess. 



84 LEO TOLSTOY 

That was just what her son was thinking. His eyes fol- 
lowed her till her graceful figure was out of sight, and then 
the smile remained on his face. He saw out of window how 
she went up to her brother, put her arm in his, and began 
telling him something eagerly, obviously something that had 
nothing to do with him, Vronsky, and at that he felt annoyed. 

'Well, maman, are you perfectly well?' he repeated, turn- 
ing to his mother. 

'Everything has been delightful. Alexandre has been very 
good, and Marie has grown very pretty. She's very in- 
teresting.' 

And she began telling him again of what interested her 
most — the christening of her grandson, for which she had 
been staying in Petersburg, and the special favour shown her 
elder son by the Tsar. 

'Here's Lavrenty,' said Vronsky, looking out of window; 
'now we can go, if you like.' 

The old butler, who had travelled with the countess, came 
to the carriage to announce that everything was ready, and 
the countess got up to go. 

'Come ; there's not such a crowd now,' said Vronsky. 

The maid took a handbag and the lapdog, the butler and 
a porter the other baggage. Vronsky gave his mother his 
arm; but just as they were getting out of the carriage several 
men ran suddenly by with panic-stricken faces. The station- 
master too ran by in his extraordinary coloured cap. Ob- 
viously something unusual had happened. The crowd who 
had left the train were running back again. 

'What? . . . What? . . . Where? . . . Flung himself!... 
Crushed ! . . .' was heard among the crowd. Stepan Arka- 
dyevitch, with his sister on his arm turned back. They too 
looked scared, and stopped at the carriage door to avoid the 
crowd. 

The ladies got in, while Vronsky and Stepan Arkadyevitch 
followed the crowd to find out details of the disaster. 

A guard, either drunk or too much muffled up in the bitter 
frost, had not heard the train moving back, and had been 
crushed. 

Before Vronsky and Oblonsky came back the ladies heard 
the facts from the butler. 



ANNA KARENIN 85 

Oblonsky and Vronsky had both seen the mutilated corpse. 
Oblonsky was evidently upset. He frowned and seemed ready 
to cry. 

'Ah, how awful ! Ah, Anna, if you had seen it ! Ah, how 
awful !' he said. 

Vronsky did not speak ; his handsome face was serious, but 
perfectly composed. 

'Oh, if you had seen it, countess,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 
'And his wife was there. ... It was awful to see her ! . . . 
She flung herself on the body. They say he was the only 
support of an immense family. How awful !' 

'Couldn't one do anything for her?' said Madame Karenin 
in an agitated whisper. 

Vronsky glanced at her, and immediately got out of the 
carriage. 

'I'll be back directly, maman,' he remarked, turning round 
in the doorway. 

When he came back a few minutes later Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch was already in conversation with the countess about 
the new singer, while the countess was impatiently looking 
towards the door, waiting for her son. 

'Now let us be off,' said Vronsky coming in. They went 
out together. Vronsky was in front with his mother. Behind 
walked Madame Karenin with her brother. Just as they were 
going out of the station the stationmaster overtook Vronsky. 

'You gave my assistant two hundred roubles. Would you 
kindly explain for whose benefit you intend them?' 

'For the widow,' said Vronsky, shrugging his shoulders. T 
should have thought there was no need to ask,' 

'You gave that?' cried Oblonsky behind, and, pressing his 
sister's hand, he added : 'Very nice, very nice ! Isn't he a 
splendid fellow ? Good-bye, countess.' 

And he and his sister stood still, looking for her maid. 

When they went out the Vronsky's carriage had already 
driven away. People coming in were still talking of what 
happened. 

'What a horrible death !' said a gentleman, passing by. 
'They say he was cut in two pieces.' 

'On the contrary, I think it's the easiest — instantaneous,' 
observed another. 



86 LEO TOLSTOY 

'How is it they don't take proper precautions?' said a third. 

Madame Karenin seated herself in the carriage, and Stepan 
Arkadyevitch saw with surprise that her Hps were quivering, 
and she was with difficulty restraining her tears. 

'What is it, Anna?' he asked, when they had driven a few 
hundred yards. 

'It's an omen of evil,' she said. 

'What nonsense !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'You've 
come, that's the chief thing. You can't conceive how I'm 
resting my hopes on you.' 

'Have you known Vronsky long?' she asked. 

'Yes. You know we're hoping he will marry Kitty.' 

'Yes?' said Anna softly. 'Come now, let us talk of you,' 
she added, tossing her head, as though she would physically 
shake off something superfluous oppressing her. 'Let us talk 
of your affairs. I got your letter, and here I am.' 

'Yes, all my hopes are in you,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

'Well, tell me all about it.' 

And Stepan Arkadyevitch began to tell his story. 

On reaching home Oblonsky helped his sister out, sighed, 
pressed her hand, and set off to his office. 



CHAPTER XIX 

WHEN Anna went into the room, Dolly was sitting 
in the little drawing-room with a white-headed 
fat little boy, already like his father, giving him 
a lesson in French reading. As the boy read, he kept twist- 
ing and trying to tear off a button that was nearly oft' his 
jacket. His mother had several times taken his hand from 
it, but the fat little hand went back to the button again. 
His mother pulled the button off and put it in her pocket. 

'Keep your hands still, Grisha,' she said, and she took up 
her work, a coverlet she had long been making. She always 
set to work on it at depressed moments, and now she knitted 
at it nervously, twitching her fingers and counting the 
stitches. Though she had sent word the day before to her 
husband that it was nothing to her whether his sister came 
or not, she had made everything ready for her arrival, and 
was expecting her sister-in-law with emotion. 

Dolly was crushed by her sorrow, utterly swallowed up 
by it. Still she did not forget that Anna, her sister-in-law, 
was the wife of one of the most important personages in 
Petersburg, and was a Petersburg grandc dame. And, 
thanks to this circumstance, she did not carry out her threat 
to her husband — that is to say. she remembered that her 
sister-in-law was coming. 'And, after all, Anna is in no 
wise to blame,' thought Dolly. T know nothing of her except 
the very best, and I have seen nothing but kindness and 
affection from her towards myself.' It was true that as far 
as she could recall her impressions at Petersburg at the 
Karenins', she did not like their household itself : there was 
something artificial in the whole framework of their family 
life. 'But why should I not receive her? If only she 
doesn't take it into her head to console me !' thought Dolly. 
'All consolation and counsel and Christian forgiveness, all 
that I have thought over a thousand times, and it's all no 
use.' 

87 



88 LEO TOLSTOY 

All these days Dolly had been alone with her children. 
She did not want to talk of her sorrow, but with that sor- 
row in her heart she could not talk of outside matters. She 
knew that in one way or another she would tell Anna every- 
thing, and she was alternately glad at the thought of speak- 
ing freely, and angry at the necessity of speaking of her 
humiliation with her, his sister, and of hearing her ready- 
made phrases of good advice and comfort. She had 
been on the look-out for her, glancing at her watch every 
minute, and, as often happens, let slip just that minute 
when her visitor arrived, so that she did not hear the 
bell. 

Catching a sound of skirts and light steps at the door, she 
looked round, and her careworn face unconsciously expressed 
not gladness, but wonder. She got up and embraced her 
sister-in-law. 

'What, here already !' she said as she kissed her. 

'Dolly, how glad I am to see you !' 

'I am glad too,' said Dolly, faintly smiling, and trying by 
the expression of Anna's face to find out whether she 
knew. 'Most likely she knows,' she thought, noticing the 
sympathy in Anna's face. 'Well, come along, I'll take you 
to your room,' she went on. trying to defer as long as 
possible the moment of confidences. 

'Is this Grisha? Heavens, how he's grown!' said Anna; 
and kissing him, never taking her eyes off Dolly, she stood 
still and flushed a little. 'No, please, let us stay here.' 

She took off her kerchief and her hat, and catching it in 
a lock of her black hair, which was a mass of curls, she 
tossed her head and shook her hair down. 

'You are radiant with health and happiness!' said Dolly, 
almost with envy. 

'I? . . . Yes,' said Anna. 'Merciful heavens, Tanya! 
You're the same age as my Seryozha,' she added, address- 
ing the little girl as she ran in. She took her in her arms 
and kissed her. 'Delightful child, delightful! Show me 
them all.' 

She mentioned them, not only remembering the names, 
but the years, months, characters, illnesses of all the chil- 
dren, and Dolly could not but appreciate that. 



ANNA KARENIN 89 

'Very well, we will go to them,' she said. 'It's a pity 
Vassya's asleep.' 

After seeing the children, they sat down, alone now, in 
the drawing-room, to coffee. Anna took the tray, and then 
pushed it away from her. 

•Dolly,' said she, 'he has told me.' 

Dolly looked coldly at Anna; she was waiting now for 
phrases of conventional sympathy, but Anna said nothing of 
the sort. 

"Dolly, dear,' she said, 'I don't want to speak for him to 
you, nor to try to comfort you; that's impossible. But, 
darling, I'm simply sorry, sorry from my heart for you!' 

Under the thick lashes of her shining eyes tears suddenly 
glittered. She moved nearer to her sister-in-law and took 
her hand in her vigorous little hand. Dolly did not shrink 
away, but her face did not lose its frigid expression. She 
said — 

'To comfort me's impossible. Everything's lost after what 
has happened, everything's over !' 

And directly she had said this, her face suddenly soft- 
ened. Anna lifted the wasted, thin hand of Dolly, kissed 
it and said — 

'But, Dolly, what's to be done, what's to be done? How 
is it best to act in this awful position — that's what you 
must think of.' 

'All's over, and there's nothing more,' said Dolly. 'And 
the worst of it all is, you see, that I can't cast him off: 
there are the children, I am tied. And I can't live with 
him; it's a torture to me to see him.' 

'Dolly, darling, he has spoken to me, but I want to hear 
it from you: tell me all about it.' 

Dolly looked at her inquiringly. 

Sympathy and love unfeigned were visible on Anna's 
face. 

'Very well,' she said all at once. 'But I will tell you it 
from the beginning. You know how I was married. With 
the education mamma gave us I was more than innocent. 
I was stupid. I knew nothing. I know they say men tell 
their wives of their former lives, but Stiva — ' she corrected 
herself — 'Stepan Arkadyevitch told me nothing. You'll 



do LEO TOLSTOY 

hardly believe it, but till now I imagined that I was the only 
woman he had known. So I lived eight years. You must 
understand that I was so far from suspecting infidelity, I 
regarded it as impossible, and then — try to imagine it — with 
such ideas to find out suddenly all the horror, all the loath- 
someness. . . . You must try and understand me. To be 
fully convinced of one's happiness, and all at once . , .' con- 
tinued Dolly, holding back her sobs, 'to get a letter ... his 
letter to his mistress, my governess. Xo, it's too awful!' 
She hastily pulled out her handkerchief and hid her face 
in it. 'I can understand being carried away by feeling,' 
she went on after a brief silence, 'but deliberately, slyly 
deceiving me . . . and with whom? ... To go on being 
my husband together with her . . . it's awful ! You can't 
understand . . .' 

'Oh yes, I understand ! I understand ! Dolly, dearest, 
I do understand,' said Anna, pressing her hand. 

'And do you imagine he realises all the awfulness of my 
position ?' Dolly resumed. 'Not the slightest ! He's happy 
and contented.' 

'Oh no !' Anna interposed quickly. 'He's to be pitied, 
he's weighed down by remorse . . .' 

'Is he capable of remorse?' Dolly interrupted, gazing 
intently into her sister-in-law's face. 

'Yes. I know him. I could not look at him without feel- 
ing sorry for him. We both know him. He's good-hearted, 
but he's proud, and now he's so humiliated. What touched 
me most . . .' (and here" Anna guessed what would touch 
Dolly most) 'he's tortured by two things: that he's ashamed 
for the children's sake, and that, loving you — yes, yes, lov- 
ing you beyond everything on earth,' she hurriedly inter- 
rupted Dolly, who would have answered — 'he has hurt you, 
pierced you to the heart. "No, no, she cannot forgive me," 
he keeps saying.' 

Dolly looked dreamily away beyond her sister-in-law as 
she listened to her words. 

'Yes, I can see that his position is awful ; it's worse for 
the guilty than the innocent,' she said, 'if he feels that all 
the misery comes from his fault. But how am I to forgive 
him, how am I to be his wife again after her? For me to 



i 



ANNA KARE^MN 91 

live with him now would be torture, just because I love 
my past love for him . . .' 

And sobs cut short her words. But as though of set 
design, each time she was softened she began to speak 
again of what exasperated her. 

'She's young, you see, she's pretty,' she went on, 'Do 
you know, Anna, my youth and my beauty are gone, taken 
by whom? Bj^ him and his children. I have worked for 
him, and all I had has gone in his service, and now of 
course any fresh, vulgar creature has more charm for him. 
No doubt they talked of me together, or. worse still, they 
were silent. Do you understand?' 

Again her eyes glowed with hatred. 

'And after that he will tell me . . . What ! can I believe 
him ? Never ! No. everything is over, everything that once 
made my comfort, the reward of my work, and my sufferings. 
. . . Would you believe it, I was teaching Grisha just now: 
once this was a joy to me, now it is a torture. What have I 
to strive and toil for ? Why are the children here ? What's 
so awful is that all at once my heart's turned, and instead 
of love and tenderness, I have nothing but hatred for him; 
yes, hatred. I could kill him.' 

'Darling Dolly, I understand, but don't torture yourself. 
You are so distressed, so overwrought, that you look at many 
things mistakenly.' 

Dolly grew calmer, and for two minutes both were silent. 

'What's to be done? Think for me, Anna, help me. I 
have thought over everything, and I see nothing.' 

Anna could think of nothing, but her heart responded 
instantly to each word, to each change of expression of her 
sister-in-law. 

'One thing I would say,' began Anna. 'I am his sister, 
I know his character, that faculty of forgetting everything, 
everything' (she waved her hand before her forehead), 'that 
faculty for being completely carried away, but for com- 
pletely repenting too. He cannot believe it, he cannot com- 
prehend now how he can have acted as he did.' 

'No; he understands, he understood!' Dolly broke in. 
'But I . . . you are forgetting me . . . does it make it 
easier for me?' 



93 LEO TOLSTOY 

"Wait a minute. When he told me, I will own I did not 
realise all the awfulness of your position. I saw nothing 
but him, and that the family was broken up. I felt sorry 
for him. but after talking to you, I see it, as a woman, 
quite differently. I see your agony, and I can't tell you how 
sorry I am for you ! But Dolly, darling, I fully realise 
your sufferings, only there is one thing I don't know : I don't 
know ... I don't know how much love there is still in 
your heart for him. That you know — whether there is 
enough for you to be able to forgive him. If there is, for- 
give him !' 

'No,' Dolly was beginning, but Anna cut her short, kiss- 
ing her hand once more. 

'I know more of the world than you do,' she said. 'I 
know how men like Stiva look at it. You speak of his talk- 
ing of you with her. That never happened. Such men are 
unfaithful, but their own home and wife are sacred to them. 
Somehow or other these women are still looked on with con- 
tempt by them, and do not touch on their feeling for their 
family. They draw a sort of line that can't be crossed between 
them and their families. I don't understand it, but it is so. 

'Yes, but he has kissed her . . .' 

'Dolly, hush, darling. I saw Stiva when he was in love 
with you. I remember the time when he came to me and 
cried, talking of you, and all the poetry and loftiness of his 
feeling for you, and I know that the longer he has lived with 
you the loftier you have been in his eyes. You know we 
have sometimes laughed at him for putting in at every word : 
"Dolly's a marvellous woman." You have always been a 
divinity for him, and you are that still, and this has not 
been an infidelity of the heart. . . .' 

'But if it is repeated?' 

'It cannot be, as I understand it. . . .* 

'Yes, but could you forgive it?' 

'I don't know, I can't judge. . . . Yes, I can,' said Anna, 
thinking a moment : and grasping the position in her thought 
and weighing it in her inner balance, she added : 'Yes, I can, 
I can, I can. Yes, I could forgive it. I could not be the 
same, no; but I could forgive it. and forgive it as though 
it had never been, never been at all. . . .' 



ANNA KARENIN 93 

'Oh, of course,' Dolly interposed quickly, as though say- 
ing what she had more than once thought, 'else it would not 
be forgiveness. If one forgives, it must be completely, com- 
pletely. Come, let us go; I'll take you to your room,' she 
said, getting up, and on the way she embraced Anna. 'My 
dear, how glad I am you came. It has made things better, 
ever so much better.' 



CHAPTER XX 

THE whole of that day Anna spent at home, that's to 
say at the Oblonskys', and received no one, though 
some of her acquaintances had already heard of 
her arrival, and came to call the same day. Anna 
spent the w^hole morning with Dolly and the children. 
She merely sent a brief note to her brother to tell him 
that he must not fail to dine at home. 'Come, God is 
merciful,' she wrote. 

Oblonsky did dine at home : the conversation was general, 
and his wife, in speaking to him, addressed him as 'Stiva,' as 
she had not done before. In the relations of the husband and 
wife the same estrangements still remained, but there was no 
talk now of separation, and Stepan Arkadyevitch saw the 
possibility of explanation and reconciliation. 

Immediately after dinner Kitty came in. She knew Anna 
Arkadyevna, but only very slightly, and she came now to her 
sister's with some trepidation, at the prospect of meeting this 
fashionable Petersburg lady, whom every one spoke so highly 
of. But she made a favourable impression on Anna Arka- 
dyevna — she saw that at once. Anna was unmistakably admir- 
ing her loveliness and her youth : before Kitty knew where she 
was she found herself not merely under Anna's sway, but in 
love with her, as young girls do fall in love with older and 
married women. 

Anna was not like a fashionable lady, nor the mother of 
a boy eight years old. In the elasticity of her movements, 
the freshness and the unflagging eagerness which per- 
sisted in her face, and broke out in her smile and her 
glance, she would rather have passed for a girl of twenty, 
had it not been for a serious and at times mournful look in 
her eyes, which struck and attracted Kitty. Kitty felt that 
Anna was perfectly simple and was concealing nothing, but 
that she had another higher world of interests inaccessible to 
her, complex and poetic. 

94 



ANNA KARENIX 95 

After dinner, when Dolly went away to her own room, 
Anna rose quickly and went up to her brother, who was just 
lighting a cigar. 

'Stiva,' she said to him, winking gaily, crossing him, and 
glancing towards the door, 'go, and God help you.' 

He threw down the cigar, understanding her, and departed 
through the doorway. 

When Stepan Arkadyevitch had disappeared, she went back 
to the sofa where she was sitting, surrounded by the children. 
Either because the children saw that their mother was fond 
of this aunt, or that they felt a special charm in her them- 
selves, the two elder ones, and the younger following their 
lead, as children so often do, had clung about their new aunt 
since before dinner, and would not leave her side. And it had 
become a sort of game among them to sit as close as possible 
to their aunt, to touch her, hold her little hand, kiss it, play 
with her ring, or even touch the flounce of her skirt. 

'Come, come, as we were sitting before,' said Anna Arka- 
dyevna, sitting down in her place. 

And again Grisha poked his little face under her arm, and 
nestled with his head on her gown, beaming with pride and 
happiness. 

'And when is your next ball?' she asked Kitty. 

'Next week, and a splendid ball. One of those balls where 
one always enjoys oneself.' 

'Why, are there balls where one always enjoys oneself?' 
Anna said, with tender irony. 

'It's strange, but there are. At the Bobrishtchevs' one 
always enjoys oneself, and at the Nikitins' too, while at the 
Mezhkovs' it's always dull. Haven't you noticed it?' 

'No, my dear, for me there are no balls now where one 
enjoys oneself,' said Anna, and Kitty detected in her eyes 
that mysterious world which was not open to her. 'For me 
there are some less dull and tiresome.' 

'How can yon be dull at a ball?' 

'Why should not / be dull at a ball ?' inquired Anna, 

Kitty perceived that Anna knew what answer would follow, 

'Because you always look nicer than any one.' 

Anna had the faculty of blushing. She blushed a little, 
and said — 



96 LEO TOLSTOY 

'In the first place it's never so; and secondly, if it were, 
what difference would it make to me?' 

"Are you coming to this ball?' asked Kitty. 

'I imagine it won't be possible to avoid going. Here, take 
it,' she said to Tanya, who was pulling the loosely-fitting 
ring off her white, slender-tipped finger. 

'I shall be so glad if you go. I should so like to see you 
at a ball.' 

'Any way, if I do go, I shall comfort myself with the 
thought that it's a pleasure to you. . . . Grisha, don't pull 
my hair. It's untidy enough without that.' she said, putting 
up a straying lock, which Grisha had been playing with. 

'I imagine you at the ball in lilac' 

'And why in lilac precisely?' asked Anna, smiling. 'Xow, 
children, run along, run along. Do you hear? Miss Hoole 
is calling you to tea.' she said, tearing the children from her, 
and sending them off to the dining-room. 

'I know why you press me to come to the ball. You expect 
a great deal of this ball, and you want every one to be there 
to take part in it.' 

'How do you know? Yes.' 

'Oh ! what a happy time you are at.' pursued Anna. 'I 
remember, and I know that blue haze like the mist on the 
mountains in Switzerland. That mist which covers every- 
thing in that blissful time when childhood is just ending, 
and out of that vast circle, happy and gay, there is a path 
growing narrower and narrower, and it is delightful and 
alarming to enter the ballroom, bright and splendid as it is. 
. . . Who has not been through it?' 

Kitty smiled without speaking. 'But how did she go 
through it? How I should like to know all her love-story!' 
thought Kitty, recalling the unromantic appearance of 
Alexey Alexandrovitch, her husband. 

'I know something. Stiva told me, and I congratulate you, 
I liked him so much,' Anna continued. 'I met Vronsky at 
the railway station.' 

'Oh, was he there?' asked Kitty, blushing. 'What was it 
Stiva told you ?' 

'Stiva gossiped about it all. And I should be so glad . . . 
I travelled yesterday with Vronsky's mother,' she went on ; 



ANNA KAREXIN 97 

'and his mother talked without a pause of him, he's her 
favourite. I know mothers are partial, but . . . ' 

'What did his mother tell you?' 

'Oh, a great deal ! And I know that he's her favourite ; 
still one can see how chivalrous he is . . . Well, for instance, 
she told me that he had wanted to give up all his property 
to his brother, that he had done something extraordinary 
when he was quite a child, saved a woman out of the water. 
He's a hero, in fact,' said Anna, smiling and recollecting the 
two hundred roubles he had given at the station. 

But she did not tell Kitty about the two hundred roubles. 
For some reason it was disagreeable to her to think of it. 
She felt that there was something that had to do with her in 
it, and something that ought not to have been. 

'She pressed me very much to go and see her,' Anna went 
on; 'and I shall be glad to go to see her to-morrow. Stiva 
is staying a long while in Dolly's room, thank God.' Anna 
added, changing the subject, and getting up, Kitty fancied, 
displeased with something. 

'No, I'm first ! No, I !' screamed the children, who had 
finished tea, running up to their Aunt Anna. 

'All together!' said Anna, and she ran laughing to meet 
them, and embraced and swung round all the throng of 
swarming children, shrieking with delight. 



CHAPTER XXI 

DOLLY came out of her room to the tea of the grown' 
' up people. Stepan Arkadyevitch did not come out. 
He must have left his wife's room by the other door. 

'I am afraid you'll be cold upstairs,' observed Dolly, ad- 
dressing Anna ; 'I want to move you downstairs, and we 
shall be nearer.' 

'Oh, please, don't trouble ^bout me,' answered Anna, 
looking intently into Dolly's face, trying to make out whether 
there had been a reconciliation or not. 

'It will be lighter for you here,' answered her sister-in- 
law. 

'I assure you that I sleep everywhere, and always like a 
marmot.' 

'What's the question?' inquired Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
coming out of his room and addressing his wife. 

From his tone both Kitty and Anna knew that a reconcilia- 
tion had taken place. 

'I want to move Anna downstairs, but we must hang up 
blinds. No one knows how to do it ; I must see to it myself,' 
answered Dolly, addressing him. 

'God knows whether they are fully reconciled,' thought 
Anna, hearing her tone, cold and composed. 

'Oh, nonsense, Dolly, always making difficulties,' answered 
her husband. 'Come, I'll do it all, if you like . . . ' 

'Yes, they must be reconciled,' thought Anna. 

'I know how you do everything,' answered Dolly. 'You 
tell Matvey to do what can't be done, and go away yourself, 
leaving him to make a muddle of everything,' and her habit- 
ual, mocking smile curved the corners of Dolly's lips as she 
spoke. 

'Full, full reconciliation, full,' thought Anna; 'thank God!' 
and rejoicing that she was the cause of it, she went up to 
Dolly and kissed her. 

'Not at all. Why do you always look down on me and 

98 



ANNA KARENIN 99 

Matvey?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, smiling hardly percep- 
tibly, and addressing his wife. 

The whole evening Dolly was, as always, a little mocking 
in her tone to her husband, while Stepan Arkadyevitch was 
happy and cheerful, but not so as to seem as though, having 
been forgiven, he had forgotten his offence. 

At half-past nine o'clock a particularly joyful and pleasant 
family conversation over the tea-table at the Oblonskys' was 
broken up by an apparently simple incident. But this simple 
incident for some reason struck every one as strange. Talk- 
ing about common acquaintances in Petersburg, Anna got up 
quickly. 

'She is in my album,' she said; 'and by the way, I'll show 
you my Seryozha,' she added, with a mother's smile of pride. 

Towards ten o'clock, when she usually said good-night to 
her son, and often before going to a ball put him to bed 
herself, she felt depressed at being so far from him ; and 
whatever she was talking about, she kept coming back in 
thought to her curly-headed Seryozha. She longed to look 
at his photograph and talk of him. Seizing the first pretext, 
she got up, and with her light, resolute step went for her 
album. The stairs up to her room came out on the landing 
of the great warm main staircase. 

Just as she was leaving the drawing-room, a ring was 
heard in the hall. 

'Who can that be?' said Dolly. 

'It's early for me to be fetched, and for any one else it's 
late,' observed Kitty. 

'Sure to be some one with papers for me,' put in Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. When Anna was passing the top of the stair- 
case, a servant was running up to announce the visitor, while 
the visitor himself was standing under a lamp. Anna glanc- 
ing down at once recognised Vronsky, and a strange feeling 
of pleasure and at the same time of dread of something 
stirred in her heart. He was standing still, not taking off his 
coat, pulling something out of his pocket. At the instant, 
when she was just facing the stairs, he raised his eyes, caught 
sight of her, and into the expression of his face there passed 
a shade of embarrassment and dismay. With a slight incli- 
nation of her head she passed, hearing behind her Stepan 



100 LEO TOLSTOY 

Arkadyevitch's loud voice calling him to come up, and the 
quiet, soft, and composed voice of Vronsky refusing. 

When Anna returned with the album, he was already gone, 
and Stepan Arkadyevitch was telling them that he had called 
to inquire about the dinner they were giving next day to a 
celebrity who had just arrived. 'And nothing would induce 
him to come up. What a queer fellow he is !' added Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

Kitty blushed. She thought that she was the only person 
who knew why he had come, and why he would not come up. 
'He has been at home,' she thought, 'and didn't find me, and 
thought I should be here, but he did not come up because he 
thought it late, and Anna's here.' 

All of them looked at each other, saying nothing, and began 
to look at Anna's album. 

There was nothing either exceptional or strange in a man's 
calling at half-past nine on a friend to inquire details of a 
proposed dinner-party and not coming in, but it seemed 
strange to all of them. Above all, it seemed strange and not 
right to Anna. 



CHAPTER XXII 

THE ball was only just beginning as Kitty and her 
mother walked up the great staircase, flooded with 
light, and lined with flowers and footmen in powder 
and red coats. From the rooms came a constant, steady hum. 
as from a hive, and the rustle of movement; and while on 
the landing between trees they gave last touches to their hair 
and dresses before the mirror, they heard from the ball- 
room the careful, distinct notes of the fiddles of the orchestra 
beginning the first waltz. A little old man in civilian dress, 
arranging his grey curls before another mirror, and diffus- 
ing an odour of scent, stumbled against them on the stairs, 
and stood aside, evidently admiring Kitty, whom he did not 
know. A beardless youth, one of those society youths whom 
the old Prince Shtcherbatsky called 'young bucks,' in an ex- 
ceedingly open waistcoat, straightening his white tie as he 
went, bowed to them, and after running by, came back to ask 
Kitty for a quadrille. As the first quadrille had already been 
given to Vronsky, she had to promise this youth the second. 
An officer, buttoning his glove, stood aside in the doorway, 
and, stroking his moustache, admired rosy Kitty. 

Although her dress, her coiffure, and all the preparations 
for the ball had cost Kitty great trouble and consideration, at 
this moment she walked into the ballroom in her elaborate 
tulle dress over a pink slip as easily and simply as though all 
the rosettes and lace, all the minute details of her attire, had 
not cost her or her family a moment's attention, as though 
she had been born in that tulle and lace, with her hair done 
up high on her head, and a rose and two leaves on the top 
of it. 

When, just before entering the ballroom, the princess, her 
mother, tried to turn right side out the ribbon of her sash. 
Kitty had drawn back a little. She felt that everything must 
be right of itself, and graceful, and nothing could need set- 
ting straight. 

101 



102 LEO TOLSTOY 

It was one of Kitty's best days. Her dress was not un- 
comfortable anywhere ; her lace berthe did not droop any- 
where ; her rosettes were not crushed nor torn off ; her pink 
slippers with high, hoUowed-out heels did not pinch, but 
gladdened her feet; and the thick rolls of fair chignon kept 
up on her head as if they were her own hair. All the three 
buttons buttoned up without tearing on the long glove that 
covered her hand without concealing its lines. The black 
velvet of her locket nestled with special softness round her 
neck. That velvet was delicious ; at home, looking at her 
neck in the looking-glass, Kitty had felt that that velvet was 
speaking. About all the rest there might be doubt, but the 
velvet was delicious. Kitty smiled here too, at the ball, when 
she glanced at it in the glass. Her bare shoulders and arms 
gave Kitty a sense of chill marble, a feeling she particularly 
liked. Her eyes sparkled, and her rosy lips could not keep 
from smiling from the consciousness of her own attractive- 
ness. She had scarcely entered the ballroom and reached 
the throng of ladies, all tulle, ribbons, lace, and flowers, 
waiting to be asked to dance — Kitty was never one of that 
throng — when she was asked for a waltz, and asked by the 
best partner, the first star in the hierarchy of the ballroom, 
a renowned director of dances, a married man, handsome 
and well-built, Yegorushka Korsunsky. He had only just 
left the Countess Banin, with whom he had danced the first 
half of the waltz, and scanning his kingdom — that is to say, 
a few couples who had started dancing — he caught sight of 
Kitty, entering, and flew up to her with that peculiar, easy 
amble which is confined to directors of balls. Without 
even asking her if she cared to dance, he put out his 
arm to encircle her slender waist. She looked round for 
some one to give her fan to, and their hostess, smiling to 
her, took it. 

'How nice you've come in good time,' he said to her, em- 
bracing her waist ; 'such a bad habit to be late.' Bending her 
left hand, she laid it on his shoulder, and her little feet in 
their pink slippers began swiftly, lightly, and rhythmically 
moving over the slippery floor in time to the music. 

Tt's a rest to waltz with you,' he said to her, as they fell 
into the first slow steps of the waltz. "It's exquisite — such 



ANNA KARENIN 103 

lightness, precision.' He said to her the same thing he said 
to almost all his partners whom he knew well. 

She smiled at his praise, and continued to look about the 
room over his shoulder. She was not like a girl at her first 
ball, for whom all faces in the ballroom melt into one vision 
of fairyland. And she was not a girl who had gone the stale 
round of balls till every face in the ballroom was familiar 
and tiresome. But she was in the middle stage between these 
two : she was excited, and at the same time she had sufficient 
self-possession to be able to observe. In the left corner of 
the ballroom she saw the cream of society gathered together. 
There — incredibly naked — was the beauty Lidi, Korsunsky's 
wife ; there was the lady of the house ; there shone the bald 
head of Krivin, always to be found where the best people 
were. In that direction gazed the young men, not venturing 
to approach. There, too, she descried Stiva, and there she 
saw the exquisite figure and head of Anna in a black velvet 
gown. And he was there. Kitty had not seen him since the 
evening she refused Levin. With her long-sighted eyes she 
knew him at once, and was even aware that he was looking 
at her. 

'Another turn, eh? You're not tired?' said Korsunsky, a 
little out of breath. 

'No, thank you !' 

'Where shall I take you?' 

'Madame Karenin's here, I think . . . take me to her.* 

'Wherever you command.' 

And Korsunsky began waltzing with measured steps 
straight towards the group in the left corner, continually say- 
ing, 'Pardon, mesdames, pardon, pardon, mesdames' ; and 
steering his course through the sea of lace, tulle, and ribbon, 
and not disarranging a feather, he turned his partner sharply 
round, so that her slim ankles, in light, transparent stock- 
ings, were exposed to view, and her train floated out in fan 
shape and covered Krivin's knees. Korsunsky bowed, set 
straight his open shirt-front, and gave her his arm to con- 
duct her to Anna Arkadyevna. Kitty, flushed, took her train 
from Krivin's knees, and, a little giddy, looked round, seek- 
ing Anna. Anna was not in lilac, as Kitty had so urgently 
wished, but in a black, low-cut, velvet gown, showing her 



104 LEO TOLSTOY 

full throat and shoulders, that looked as though carved in old 
ivory, and her rounded arms, with tiny, slender wrists. The 
whole gown was trimmed with Venetian guipure. On her 
head, among her black hair — her own, with no false addi- 
tions — was a little wreath of pansies, and a bouquet of the 
same in the black ribbon of her sash among white lace. Her 
coiffure was not striking. All that was noticeable was the 
little wilful tendrils of her curly hair that would always 
break free about her neck and temples. Round her well-cut, 
strong neck was a thread of pearls. 

Kitty had been seeing Anna every day ; she adored her, and 
had pictured her invariably in lilac. But now seeing her in 
black, she felt that she had not fully seen her charm. She 
saw her now as some one quite new and surprising to her. 
Now she understood that Anna could 'not have been in lilac, 
and that her charm was just that she always stood out against 
her attire, that her dress could never be noticeable on her. 
And her black dress, with its sumptuous lace, was not notice- 
able on her; it was only the frame, and all that was seen 
was she — simple, natural, elegant, and at the same time gay 
and eager. 

She was standing, holding herself, as always, very erect, 
and when Kitty drew near the group she was speaking to the 
master of the house, her head slightly turned towards him. 

'No, I don't throw stones,' she was saying, in answer to 
something, 'though I can't understand it,' she went on, 
shrugging her shoulders, and she turned at once with a soft 
smile of protection towards Kitty. With a flying, feminine 
glance she scanned her attire, and made a movement of her 
head, hardly perceptible, but understood by Kitty, signifying 
approval of her dress and her looks. 'You came into the 
room dancing,' she added. 

'This is one of my most faithful supporters,' said Kor- 
sunsky, bowing to Anna Arkadyevna, whom he had not yet 
seen. 'The princess helps to make balls happy and successful. 
Anna Arkadyevna, a waltz ?' he said, bending down to her. 

'Why, have you met?' inquired their host. 

'Is there any one we have not met ? My wife and I are like 
white wolves — every one knows us,' answered Korsunsky. 
'A waltz, Anna Arkadyevna?' 



ANNA KARENIN 105 

'I don't dance, when it's possible not to dance.' she said. 

'But to-night it's impossible,' answered Korsunsky. 

At that instant Vronsky came up. 

'Well, since it's impossible to-night, let us start,' she said, 
not noticing Vronsky's bow, and she hastily put her hand on 
Korsunsky's shoulder. 

'What is she vexed with him about?' thought Kitty, dis- 
cerning that Anna had intentionally not responded to 
Vronsky's bow. Vronsky went up to Kitty, reminding her of 
the first quadrille, and expressing his regret that he had not 
seen her all this time. Kitty gazed in admiration at Anna 
waltzing, and listened to him. She expected him to ask her 
for a waltz, but he did not, and she glanced wonderingly at 
him. He flushed slightly, and hurriedly asked her to waltz, 
but he had only just put his arm round her waist and taken 
the first step when the music suddenly stopped. Kitty looked 
into his face, which was so close to her own, and long after- 
wards — for several years after — that look, full of love, to 
which he made no response, cut her to the heart with an 
agony of shame. 

'Pardon ! pardon ! Waltz ! waltz !' shouted Korsunsky from 
the other side of the room, and seizing the first young lady 
he came across he began dancing himself. 



P-5 



CHAPTER XXIII 

VRONSKY and Kitty waltzed several times round the 
room. After the waltz Kitty went to her mother, and 
she had hardly time to say a few words to Countess 
Nordston when Vronsky came up again for the first quad- 
rille. During the quadrille nothing of any significance was 
said: there was disjointed talk between them of the Korsun- 
skys, husband and wife, whom he described very amusingly, 
as delightful children at forty, and of the future town theatre; 
and only once the conversation touched her to the quick, 
when he asked her about Levin, whether he was here, and 
added that he liked him so much. But Kitty did not expect 
much from the quadrille. She looked forward with a thrill 
at her heart to the mazurka. She fancied that in the mazurka 
everything must be decided. The fact that he did not dur- 
ing the quadrille ask her for the mazurka did not trouble 
her. She felt sure she would dance the mazurka with him as 
she had done at former balls, and refused five young men, 
saying she was engaged for the mazurka. The whole ball 
up to the last quadrille was for Kitty an enchanted vision of 
delightful colours, sounds, and motions. She only sat down 
when she felt too tired and begged for a rest. But as she 
was dancing the last quadrille with one of the tiresome young 
men whom she could not refuse, she chanced to be vis-a-vis 
with Vronsky and Anna. She had not been near Anna again 
since the beginning of the evening, and now again she saw 
her suddenly quite new and surprising. She saw in her the 
signs of that excitement of success she knew so well in her- 
self; she saw that she was intoxicated with the delighted 
admiration she was exciting. She knew that feeling and 
knew its signs, and saw them in Anna : saw the quiver- 
ing, flashing light in her eyes, and the smile of happi- 
ness and excitement unconsciously playing on her lips, 
and the deliberate grace, precision, and lightness of her 
movements. 

106 



ANNA KARENIN lOt 

'Who?' she asked herself. 'All or one?' And not assist- 
ing the harassed young man she was dancing with in the con- 
versation, the thread of which he had lost and could not pick 
up again, she obeyed with external liveliness the peremptory 
shouts of Korsunsky starting them all into the grand rond, 
and then into the chainc, and at the same time she kept watch 
with a growing pang at her heart. 'No, it's not the admira- 
tion of the crowd has intoxicated her, but the adoration of 
one. And that one ? can it be he ?' Every time he spoke to 
Anna the joyous light flashed into her eyes, and the smile of 
happiness curved her red lips. She seemed to make an effort 
to control herself, not to show these signs of delight, but 
they came out on her face of themselves. "But what of him''' 
Kitty looked at him and was filled with terror. What was 
pictured so clearly to Kitty in the mirror of Anna's face she 
saw in him. What had become of his always self-possessed 
resolute manner, and the carelessly serene expression of his 
face? Now every time he turned to her, he bent his head, 
as though he would have fallen at her feet, and in his eyes 
there was nothing but humble submission and dread. 'I 
would not offend you' his eyes seemed every time to be say- 
ing, 'but I want to save myself, and I don't know how.' On 
his face was a look such as Kitty had never seen before. 

They were speaking of common acquaintances, keeping up 
the most trivial conversation, but to Kitty it seemed that 
every word they said was determining their fate and hers. 
And strange it was that they were actually talking of how 
absurd Ivan Ivanovitch was with his French, and how the 
Eletsky girl might have made a better match, yet these words 
had all the while consequence for them, and they were feel- 
ing just as Kitty did. The whole ball, the whole world, 
everything seemed lost in fog in Kitty's soul. Nothing but 
the stern discipline of her bringing-up supported her and 
forced her to do what was expected of her, that is. to dance, 
to answer questions, to talk, even to smile. But before the 
mazurka, when they w^ere beginning to rearrange the chairs 
and a few couples moved out of the smaller rooms into the 
big room, a moment of despair and horror came for Kitty. 
She had refused five partners, and now she was not dancing 
the mazurka. She had not even a hope of being asked for it, 



108 LEO TOLSTOY 

because she was so successful in society that the idea would 
never occur to any one that she had remained disengaged 
till now. She would have to tell her mother she felt ill and 
go home, but she had not the strength to do this. She felt 
crushed. She went to the furthest end of the little drawing- 
room and sank into a low chair. Her light, transparent 
skirts rose like a cloud about her slender waist; one bare, 
thin, soft, girlish arm, hanging listlessly, was lost in the 
folds of her pink tunic ; in the other she held her fan, and 
with rapid, short strokes fanned her burning face. But 
while she looked like a butterfly, clinging to a blade of 
grass, and just about to open its rainbow wings for fresh 
flight, her heart ached with a horrible despair. 

'But perhaps I am wrong, perhaps it was not so?' And 
again she recalled all she had seen. 

'Kitty, what is it?' said Countess Nordston. stepping noise- 
lessly over the carpet towards her. "I don't understand it.' 

Kitty's lower lip began to quiver ; she got up quickly. 

'Kitty, you're not dancing the mazurka?' 

'No, no,' said Kitty in a voice shaking with tears. 

'He asked her for the mazurka before me,' said Countess 
Nordston, knowing Kitty would understand who were 'he' 
and 'her.' 'She said: "Why, aren't you going to dance it 
with Princess Shtcherbatsky ?" ' 

'Oh, I don't care !' answered Kitty. 

No one but she herself understood her position; no one 
knew that she had just refused the man whom perhaps she 
loved, and refused him because she had put her faith in 
another. 

Countess Nordston found Korsunsky. with whom she was 
to dance the mazurka, and told him to ask Kitty. 

Kitty danced in the first couple, and luckily for her she had 
not to talk, because Korsunsky was all the time running about 
directing the figure. Vronsky and Anna sat almost opposite 
her. 

She saw them with her long-sighted eyes, and saw them, 
too, close by, when they met in the figures, and the more 
she saw them the more convinced was she that her un- 
happiness was complete. She saw that they felt themselves 
alone in that crowded room. And on Vronsky's face, always 



ANNA KARENIN 109 

so firm and independent, she saw that look that had struck 
her, of bewilderment and humble submissiveness, like the ex- 
pression of an intelligent dog when it has done wrong. 

Anna smiled, and her smile was reflected by him. She 
grew thoughtful, and he became serious. Some supernatural 
force drew Kitty's eyes to Anna's face. She was fascinat- 
ing in her simple black dress, fascinating were her round 
arms with their bracelets, fascinating was her firm neck 
with its thread of pearls, fascinating the straying curls of 
her loose hair, fascinating the graceful, light movements of 
her little feet and hands, fascinating was that lovely face in 
its eagerness, but there was something terrible and cruel in 
her fascination. 

Kitty admired her more than ever, and more and more 
acute was her suffering. Kitty felt overwhelmed, and her 
face showed it. When Vronsky saw her, coming across her 
in the mazurka, he did not at once recognise her, she was 
so changed. 

'Delightful ball !' he said to her, for the sake of saying 
something. 

'Yes,' she answered. 

In the middle of the mazurka, repeating a complicated 
figure, newly invented by Korsunsky, Anna came forward 
into the centre of the circle, chose two gentlemen, and sum- 
moned a lady and Kitty. Kitty gazed at her in dismay as she 
went up. Anna looked at her with drooping eyelids, and 
smiled, pressing her hand. But, noticing that Kitty only 
responded to her smile by a look of despair and amazement, 
she turned away from her, and began gaily talking to the 
other lady. 

'Yes, there is something uncanny, devilish and fascinating 
in her,' Kitty said to herself. 

Anna did not mean to stay to supper, but the master of the 
house began to press her to do so. 

'Nonsense, Anna Arkadyevna,' said Korsunsky, drawing 
her bare arm under the sleeve of his dress coat, 'I've such an 
idea for a cotillon! Un bijou!' 

And he moved gradually on, trying to draw her along with 
him. Their host smiled approvingly. 

'No, I am not going to stay,' answered Anna, smiling, but 



110 LEO TOLSTOY 

in spite of her smile, both Korsunsky and the master of the 
house saw from her resolute tone that she would not stay. 

'No; why, as it is, I have danced more at your ball in 
Moscow than I have all the winter in Petersburg,' said Anna, 
looking round at Vronsky, who stood near her. 'I must rest 
a little before my journey.' 

'Are you certainly going to-morrow then ?' asked Vronsky. 

'Yes, I suppose so,' answered Anna, as it were wondering 
at the boldness of his question ; but the irrepressible, quiver- 
ing brilliance of her eyes and her smile set him on fire as she 
said it. 

Anna Arkadyevna did not stay to supper, but went home. 



CHAPTER XXIV 

YES, there is something in me hateful, repulsive,* 
thought Levin, as he came away from the Shtcher- 
batskys', and walked in the direction of his brother's 
lodgings. "And I don't get on with other people. Pride, they 
say. No, I have no pride. If I had any pride, I should not 
have put myself in such a position.' And he pictured to him- 
self Vronsky, happy, good-natured, clever, and self-possessed 
certainly never placed in the awful position in which he had 
been that evening. 'Yes, she was bound to choose him. So 
it had to be, and I cannot complain of any one or anything. 
I am myself to blame. What right had I to imagine she 
would care to join her life to mine? Who am I and what 
am I ? A nobody, not wanted by any one, nor of use to any- 
body.' And he recalled his brother Nikolay, and dwelt with 
pleasure on the thought of him. 'Isn't he right that eyery- 
thing in the world is base and loathsome? And are we fair 
in our judgment of brother Nikolay? Of course, from the 
point of Prokofy, seeing him in a torn cloak and tipsy, he's 
a despicable person. But I know him differently. I know his 
soul, and know that we are like him. And I, instead of going 
to seek him out, went out to dinner, and came here.' Levin 
walked up to a lamp-post, read his brother's address, which 
was in his pocket-book, and called a sledge. All the long way 
to his brother's. Levin vividly recalled all the facts familiar 
to him of his brother Nikolay's life. He remembered how 
his brother, while at the university, and for a year after- 
wards, had, in spite of the jeers of his companions, lived like 
a monk, strictly observing all religious rites, services, and 
fasts, and avoiding every sort of pleasure, especially women. 
And afterwards, how he had all at once broken out : he had 
associated with most horrible people, and rushed into the most 
senseless debauchery. He remembered later the scandal over 
a boy, whom he had taken from the country to bring up, and, 
in a fit of rage, had so violently beaten that proceedings were 

111 



112 LEO TOLSTOY 

brought against him for unlawfully wounding. Then he re- 
called the scandal with a sharper, to whom he had lost money, 
and given a promissory note, and against whom he had him- 
self lodged a complaint, asserting that he had cheated him. 
(This was the money Sergey Ivanovitch had paid. Then he 
remembered how he had spent a night in the lock-up for dis- 
orderly conduct in the street. He remembered the shameful 
proceedings he had tried to get up against his brother Sergey 
Ivanovitch, accusing him of not having paid him his share of 
his mother's fortune, and the last scandal, when he had gone 
to a western province in an official capacity, and there had 
got into trouble for assaulting a village elder. ... It was 
all horribly disgusting, yet to Levin it appeared not at all in 
the same disgusting light as it inevitably would to those who 
did not know Nikolay, did not know all his story, did not 
know his heart. 

Levin remembered that when Nikolay had been in the de- 
vout stage, the period of fasts and monks and church services, 
when he was seeking in religion a support and a curb for his 
passionate temperament, every one. far from encourag- 
ing him, had jeered at him, and he, too, with the others. 
They had teased him, called him Xoah, and monk; 
and, when he had broken out, no one had helped him, but 
every one had turned away from him with horror and 
disgust. 

Levin felt that, in spite of all the ugliness of his life, his 
brother Nikolay, in his soul, in the very depths of his soul, 
was no more in the wrong than the people who despised him. 
He was not to blame for having been born with his unbridled 
temperament and his somehow limited intelligence. But he 
had always wanted to be good. '1 will tell him everything, 
without reserve, and I will make him speak without reserve 
too, and I'll show him that I love him, and so understand 
him,' Levin resolved to himself, as, towards eleven o'clock, 
he reached the hotel of which he had the address. 

'At the top, 12 and 13,' the porter answered Levin's inquiry. 

'At home?' 

'Sure to be at home.' 

The door of No. 12 was half open, and there came out 
into the streak of light thick fumes of cheap, poor tobacco, 



ANNA KARENIN 113 

and the sound of a voice, unknown to Levin; but he knew at 
once that his brother was there ; he heard his cough. 

As he went in at the door, the unknown voice was saying — 

"It all depends with how much judgment and knowledge 
the thing's done.' 

Konstantin Levin looked in at the door, and saw that the' 
speaker was a young man with an immense shock of hair, 
wearing a Russian jerkin, and that a pock-marked woman in 
a woollen gown, without collar or cuffs, was sitting on the 
sofa. His brother was not to be seen. Konstantin felt a 
sharp pang at his heart at the thought of the strange company 
in which his brother spent his life. No one had heard him, 
and Konstantin, taking ofif his goloshes, listened to what the 
gentleman in the jerkin was saying. He was speaking of 
some enterprise. 

'Well, the devil flay them, the privileged classes,' his 
brother's voice responded, with a cough. 'Masha ! get us 
some supper and some wine if there's any left; or else go 
and get some.' 

The woman rose, and came out from behind the screen, and 
saw Konstantin. 

'There's some gentleman, Nikolay Dmitritch,' she said. 

'Whom do you want?' said the voice of Nikolay Levin, 
angrily. 

'It's I, answered Konstantin Levin, coming forward into 
the light. 

'Who's I?' Nikolay's voice said again, still more angrily. 
He could be heard getting up hurriedly, stumbling against 
something, and Levin saw, facing him in the doorway, the 
big scared eyes, and the huge, thin, stooping figure of his 
brother, so familiar, and yet astonishing in its weirdness and 
sickliness. 

He was even thinner than three years before, when Kon- 
stantin Levin had seen him last. He was wearing a short 
coat, and his hands and big bones seemed huger than ever. 
His hair had grown thinner, the same straight moustaches 
hid his lips, the same eyes gazed strangely and naively at his 
visitor. 

'Ah, Kostya !' he exclaimed suddenly, recognising his 
brother, and his eyes lighted up with joy. But the same 



114 I>EO TOLSTOY 

second he looked round at the young man, and gave the 
nervous jerk of his head and neck that Konstantin knew so 
well, as if his neckband hurt him; and a quite different ex- 
pression, wild, suffering, and cruel, rested on his emaciated 
face. 

'I wrote to you and Sergey Ivanovitch both that I don't 
know you and don't want to know you. What is it you want ?' 

He was not at all the same as Konstantin had been fancy- 
ing him. The worst and most tiresome part of his character, 
what made all relations with him so difficult, had been forgot- 
ten by Konstantin Levin when he thought of him, and now, 
when he saw his face, and especially that nervous twitching 
of his head, he remembered it all. 

'I didn't want to see you for anything,' he answered timidly. 
TVe simply come to see you.' 

His brother's timidity obviously softened Nikolay. His 
lips twitched. 

'Oh, so that's it?' he said. 'Well, come in; sit down. Like 
some supper? ]\Iasha, bring supper for three. No, stop a 
minute. Do you know who this is?' he said addressing his 
brother, and indicating the gentleman in the jerkin: 'This is 
Mr. Kritsky, my friend from Kiev, a very remarkable man. 
He's persecuted by the police, of course, because he's not a 
scoundrel.' 

And he looked round in the way he always did at every one 
in the room. Seeing that the woman standing in the doorway 
was moving to go, he shouted to her, 'Wait a minute, I said.' 
And with the inability to express himself, the incoherence that 
Konstantin knew so well, he began, with another look round 
at every one, to tell his brother Kritsky's story : how he had 
been expelled the university for starting a benefit society for 
the poor students and Sunday-schools ; and how he had after- 
wards been a teacher in a peasant school, and how he had 
been driven out of that too, and had afterwards been con- 
demned for something. 

'You're of the Kiev university?' said Konstantin Levin to 
Kritsky, to break the awkward silence that followed. 

'Yes, I was of Kiev,' Kritsky replied angrily, his face 
darkening. 

'And this woman,' Nikolay Levin interrupted him, pointing 



ANNA KARENIN 115 

to her, 'is the partner of my life, Marya Nikolaevna. I took 
her out of a bad house,' and he jerked his neck saying this; 
'but I love her and respect her, and any one who wants to 
know me,' he added, raising his voice and knitting his brows, 
'I beg to love her and respect her. She's just the same as my 
wife, just the same. So now you know whom you've got to 
do with. And if you think you're lowering yourself, well, 
here's the floor, there's the door.' 

And again his eyes travelled inquiringly over all of them. 
'Why I should be lowering myself, I don't understand.' 
'Then, Masha, tell them to bring supper; three portions, 
spirits and wine, . . . No, wait a minute. . . . No, it doesn't 
matter. ... Go along.' 



CHAPTER XXV 

SO you see,' pursued Nikolay Levin, painfully wrinkling 
I his forehead and twitching. 
It was obviously difficult for him to think of what 
to say and do. 

'Here, do you see?' ... He pointed to some sort of iron 
bars, fastened together with strings, lying in a corner of the 
room. 'Do you see that? That's the beginning of a new 
thing we're going into. It's a productive association. . . .' 

Konstantin scarcely heard him. He looked into his sickly, 
consumptive face, and he was more and more sorry for him, 
and he could not force himself to listen to what his brother 
was telling him about the association. He saw that this 
association was a mere anchor to save him from self-con- 
tempt. Nikolay Levin went on talking — 

"You know that capital oppresses the labourer. The la- 
bourers with us, the peasants, bear all the burden of labour, 
and are so placed that however much they work they can't 
escape from their position of beasts of burden. All the profits 
of labour, on which they might improve their position, and 
gain leisure for themselves, and after that education, all the 
surplus values are taken from them by the capitalists. And 
society's so constituted that the harder they work, the greater 
the profit of the merchants and landowners, while they stay 
beasts of burden to the end. And that state of things must 
be changed,' he finished up, and he looked questioningly at 
his brother. 

'Yes, of course,' said Konstantin, looking at the patch of 
red that had come out on his brother's projecting cheek- 
bones. 

'And so we're founding a locksmith's association, where all 
the production and profit and the chief instruments of pro- 
duction will be in common.' 

'Where is the association to be?' asked Konstantin Levin, 

'In the village of Vozdrem, Kazan government.' 

116 



ANNA KARENIN U7 

'But why in a village? In the villages, I think, there is 
plenty of work as it is. Why a locksmiths' association in a 
village ?' 

'Why? Because the peasants are just as much slaves as 
they ever were, and that's why you and Sergey Ivanovitch 
don't like people to try and get them out of their slavery/ said 
Nikolay Levin, exasperated by the objection. 

Konstantin Levin sighed, looking meanwhile about the 
cheerless and dirty room. This sigh seemed to exasperate 
Nikolay still more. 

'I know your and Sergey Ivanovitch's aristocratic views. I 
know that he applies all the power of his intellect to justify 
existing evils.' 

'No; and what do you talk of Sergey Ivanovitch for?' said 
Levin, smiling. 

"Sergey Ivanovitch? I'll tell you what for !' Nikolay Levin 
shrieked suddenly at the name of Sergey Ivanovitch. 'I'll tell 
you what for. . . . But what's the use of talking? There's 
only one thing. , , . What did you come to me for? You 
look down on this, and you're welcome to, — and go away, in 
God's name go away !' he shrieked, getting up from his chair. 
'And go away, and go away !' 

'I don't look down on it at all,' said Konstantin Levin 
timidly. "I don't even dispute it.' 

At that instant Marya Nikolaevna came back. Nikolay 
Levin looked round angrily at her. She went quickly to him, 
and whispered something. 

'I'm not well ; I've grown irritable,' said Nikolay Levin, 
getting calmer and breathing painfully; 'and then you talk 
to me of Sergey Ivanovitch and his article. It's such rubbish, 
such lying, such self-deception. What can a man write of 
justice who knows nothing of it ? Have you read his article ?' 
he asked Kritsky, sitting down again at the table, and mov- 
ing back off half of it the scattered cigarettes, so as to clear 
a space. 

'I've not read it,' Kritsky responded gloomily, obviously not 
desiring to enter into the conversation. 

'Why not?' said Nikolay Levin, now turning with exas- 
peration upon Kritsky. 

'Because I didn't see the use of wasting my time over it.' 



118 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Oh, but excuse me, how did you know it would be wasting 
your time? That article's too deep for many people — that's 
to say it's over their heads. But with me, it's another thing; 
I see through his ideas, and I know where its weakness lies.' 

Every one was mute. Kritsky got up deliberately and 
reached his cap. 

'Won't you have supper ? All right, good-bye ! Come 
round to-morrow with the locksmith.' 

Kritsky had hardly gone out when Nikolay Levin smiled 
and winked. 

'He's no good either,' he said. 'I see, of course . . .' 

But at that instant Kritsky, at the door, called him. 

'What do you want now?' he said, and went out to him in 
the passage. Left alone with Marya Nikolaevna, Levin 
turned to her. 

'Have you been long with my brother?' he said to her. 

'Yes, more than a year. Nikolay Dmitritch's health has 
become very poor. Nikolay Dmitritch drinks a great deal,' 
she said. 

'That is . . . how does he drink?' 

'Drinks vodka, and it's bad for him.' 

'And a great deal ?' whispered Levin. 

'Yes,' she said, looking timidly towards the doorway, where 
Nikolay Levin had reappeared. 

'What were you talking about?' he said, knitting his 
brows, and turning his scared eyes from one to the other, 
'What was it?' 

'Oh, nothing,' Konstantin answered in confusion. 

'Oh, if you don't want to say, don't. Only it's no good 
your talking to her. She's a wench, and you're a gentleman,' 
he said with a jerk of the neck, 'You understand everything, 
I see, and have taken stock of everything, and look with 
commiseration on my shortcomings,' he began again, raising 
his voice. 

'Nikolay Dmitritch, Nikolay Dmitritch,' whispered Marya 
Nikolaevna, again going up to him. 

'Oh, very well, very well! . . . But where's the supper? 
Ah, here it is,' he said, seeing a waiter with a tray. 'Here, 
set it here' he added angrily and promptly seizing the vodka, 
he poured out a glassful and drank it greedily. 'Like a 



ANNA KAREXIX 119 

drink?' he turned to his brother, and at once became better 
humoured. 

'Well, enough of Sergey Ivanovitch. I'm glad to see you, 
anyway. After all's said and done, we're not strangers. 
Come, have a drink. Tell me what you're doing,' he went 
on, greedily munching a piece of bread, and pouring out 
another glassful. 'How are you living?' 

'I live alone in the country, as I used to. I'm busy looking 
after the land,' answered Konstantin, watching with horror 
the greediness with which his brother ate and drank, and 
trying to conceal that he noticed it. 

'Why don't you get married?' 

'It hasn't happened so,' Konstantin answered, reddening a 
little. 

"Why not ? For me now . . . everything's at an end ! 
I've made a mess of my life. But this I've said, and I say 
still, that if my share had been given me when I needed it, 
my whole life would have been different.' 

Konstantin made haste to change the conversation. 

'Do you know your little Vanya's with me, a clerk in the 
counting-house at Pokrovsky.' 

Nikolay jerked his neck, and sank into thought. 

'Yes, tell me what's going on at Pokrovsky. Is the house 
standing still, and the birch-trees, and our schoolroom? And 
Philip the gardener, is he living? How I remember the 
arbour and the seat I Now mind and don't alter anything in 
the house, but make haste and get married, and make ever\-- 
thing as it used to be again. Then I'll come and see you.'if 
your wife is nice.' 

'But come to me now,' said Levin. 'How nicely we would 
arrange it !' 

'I'd come and see you if I were sure I should not find 
Sergey Ivanovitch.' 

'You wouldn't find him there. I live quite independently 
of him.' 

'Yes, but say what you like, you will have to choose be- 
tween me and him,' he said, looking timidly into his brother's 
face. 

This timidity touched Konstantin. 

'If you want to hear my confession of faith on the subject, 



120 LEO TOLSTOY 

I tell you that in your quarrel with Sergey Ivanovitch I take 
neither side. You're both wrong. You're more wrong ex- 
ternally, and he inwardly.' 

'Ah, ah! You see that, you see that!' Nikolay shouted 
joyfully. 

'But I, personally, value friendly relations with you more 
because . . .' 

'Why, why?' 

Konstantin could not say that he valued it more because 
Nikolay was unhappy, and needed affection. But Nikolay 
knew that this was just what he meant to say, and scowling 
he took up the vodka again. 

"Enough, Nikolay Dmitritch !' said Marya Nikolaevna, 
stretching out her plump, bare arm toward the decanter. 

'Let it be ! Don't insist ! I'll beat you !' he shouted. 

Marya Nikolaevna smiled a sweet and good-humoured 
smile, which was at once reflected on Nikolay's face, and 
she took the bottle. 

'And do you suppose she understands nothing?' said 
Nikolay. 'She understands it all better than any of us. 
Isn't it true there's something good and sweet in her?' 

'Were you never before in Moscow?' Konstantin said to 
her, for the sake of saying something. 

'Only you mustn't be polite and stiff with her. It frightens 
her. No one ever spoke to her so but the justices of the peace 
who tried her for trying to get out of a house of ill-fame. 
Mercy on us, the senselessness in the world!' he cried sud- 
denly. 'These new institutions, these justices of the peace, 
rural councils, what hideousness it all is !' 

And he began to enlarge on his encounters with the new 
institutions. 

Konstantin Levin heard him, and the disbelief in the sense 
of all public institutions, which he shared with him, and often 
expressed, was distasteful to him now from his brother's lips. 

'In another world we shall understand it all,' He said lightly. 

'In another world ! Ah, I don't like that other world ! I 
don't like it,' he said, letting his scared eyes rest on his 
brother's eyes. 'Here one would think that to get out of all 
the baseness and the mess, one's own and other people's, 
would be a good thing, and yet I'm afraid of death, awfully 



ANNA KARENIN 131 

afraid of death." He shuddered. 'But do drink something. 
Would you like some champagne ? Or shall we go some- 
where ? Let's go to the Gypsies ! Do you know I have got 
so fond of the Gypsies and Russian songs.' 

His speech had begun to falter, and he passed abruptly 
from one subject to another. Konstantin with the help of 
Masha persuaded him not to go out anywhere, and got him 
to bed hopelessly drunk. 

Masha promised to write to Konstantin in case of need, 
and to persuade Nikolay Levin to go and stay with his 
brother. 



CHAPTER XXVI 

IN the morning Konstantin Levin left Moscow, and to- 
wards evening he reached home. On the journey in 
the train he talked to his neighbours about politics and 
the new railways, and, just as in Moscow, he was overcome 
by a sense of confusion of ideas, dissatisfaction with him- 
self, shame of something or other. But when he got out 
at his own station, when he saw his one-eyed coachman, 
Ignat, with the collar of his coat turned up; when, in the 
dim light reflected by the station fires, he saw his own sledge, 
his own horses with their tails tied up, in their harness 
trimmed with rings and tassels ; when the coachman Ignat, 
as he put in his luggage, told him the village news, that the 
contractor had arrived, and that Pava had calved, — he felt 
that little by little the confusion was clearing up, and the 
shame and self-dissatisfaction were passing away. He felt 
this at the mere sight of Ignat and the horses; but when he 
had put on the sheepskin brought for him, had sat down 
wrapped up in the sledge, and had driven off pondering on 
the work that lay before him in the village, and staring at 
the side-horse, who had been his saddle-horse, past his 
prime now, but a spirited beast from the Don, he began to 
see what had happened to him in quite a different light. He 
felt himself, and did not want to be any one else. All he 
wanted now was to be better than before. In the first place 
he resolved that from that day he would give up hoping for 
any extraordinary happiness, such as marriage must have 
given him, and consequently he would not so disdain what 
he really had. Secondly, he would never again let himself 
give way to low passion, the memory of which had so tor- 
tured him when he had been making up his mind to make 
an offer. Then remembering his brother Nikolay, he resolved 
to himself that he would never allow himself to forget him, 
that he would follow him up, and not lose sight of him, so 
as to be ready to help when things should go ill with him. 

122 



ANNA KARENIN 123 

And that would be soon, he felt. Then too his brother's talk 
of communism, which he had treated so lightly at the time, 
now made him think. He considered a revolution in eco- 
nomic conditions nonsense. But he always felt the injustice 
of his own abundance in comparison with the poverty of the 
peasants and now he determined that so as to feel quite in 
the right, though he had worked hard and lived by no means 
luxuriously before, he would now work still harder, and 
would allow himself even less luxury. And all this seemed 
to him so easy a conquest over himself that he spent the 
whole drive in the pleasantest day-dreams. With a resolute 
feeling of hope in a new, better life, he reached home before 
nine o'clock at night. 

The snow of the little quadrangle before the house was 
lit up by a light in the bedroom windows of his old nurse, 
Agafea Mihalovna, who performed the duties of housekeeper 
in his house. She was not yet asleep. Kouzma, waked up 
by her, came sliding sleepily out on to the steps. A setter 
bitch, Laska, ran out too, almost upsetting Kouzma, and 
whining, turned round about Levin's knees jumping up and 
longing, but not daring, to put her forepaws on his chest. 

'You're soon back again, sir,' said Agafea Mihalovna. 

T got tired of it, Agafea Mihalovna. With friends, one is 
well ; but at home, one is better,' he answered, and went into 
his study. 

The study was slowly lit up as the candle was brought in. 
The familiar details came out: the stag's horns, the book- 
shelves, the looking-glass, the stove with its ventilator, which 
had long wanted mending, his father's sofa, a large table, on 
the table an open book a broken ash-tray, a manuscript-book 
with his handwriting. As he saw all this, there came over 
him for an instant a doubt of the possibility of arranging 
the new life, of which he had been dreaming on the road. 
All these traces of his life seemed to clutch him, and to say 
to him : 'No, you're not going to get away from us, and 
you're not going to be different, but you're going to be the 
same as you've always been ; with doubts, everlasting dissat- 
isfaction with yourself, vain efforts to amend, and falls, and 
everlasting expectation of a happiness which you won't get, 
and which isn't possible for you.' 



124 LEO TOLSTOY 

This the things said to him, but another voice in his heart 
was telling him that he must not fall under the sway of the 
past, and that one can do anything with oneself. And hear- 
ing that voice, he went into the corner where stood his two 
heavy dumb-bells, and began brandishing them like a gym- 
nast, trying to restore his confident temper. There was a 
creak of steps at the door. He hastily put down the 
dumb-bells. 

The bailiff came in, and said that everything, thank God, 
was doing well; but informed him that the buckwheat in the 
new drying-machine had been a little scorched. This piece of 
news irritated Levin. The new drying-machine had been 
constructed and partly invented by Levin. The bailifif had 
always been against the drying-machine, and now it was with 
suppressed triumph that he announced that the buckwheat 
had been scorched. Levin was firmly convinced that if the 
buckwheat had been scorched, it was only because the pre- 
cautions had not been taken, for which he had hundreds of 
times given orders. He was annoyed, and reprimanded the 
bailiff. But there had been an important and joyful event: 
Pava, his best cow, an expensive beast, bought at a show, had 
calved. 

'Kouzma, give me my sheepskin. And you tell them to 
take a lantern. I'll come and look at her,' he said to the 
bailiff. 

The cowhouse for the more valuable cows was just behind 
the house. Walking across the yard, passing a snowdrift by 
the lilac-tree, he went into the cowhouse. There was the 
warm, steamy smell of dung when the frozen door was 
opened, and the cows, astonished at the unfamiliar light of 
the lantern, stirred on the fresh straw. He caught a glimpse 
of the broad, smooth, black and piebald back of Hollandka. 
Berkoot the bull, was lying down with his ring in his lip, 
and seemed about to get up, but thought better of it, and 
only gave two snorts as they passed by him. Pava, a perfect 
beauty, huge as a hippopotamus, with her back turned to 
them, prevented their seeing the calf, as she sniffed her 
all over. 

Levin went into the pen, looked Pava over, and lifted the 
red and spotted calf on to her long, tottering legs. Pava, 



ANNA KARENIN 13fi 

uneasy, began lowing but when Levin put the calf close to 
her she was soothed and, sighing heavily, began licking her 
with her rough tongue. The calf, fumbling, poked her nose 
under her mother's udder, and stiffened her tail out straight. 

'Here, bring the light, Fyodor, this way,' said Levin, 
examining the calf. "Like the mother ! though the colour 
takes after the father ; but that's nothing. Very good. Long 
and broad in the haunch. Vassily Fedorovitch, isn't she 
splendid?' he said to the bailiff, quite forgiving him for the 
buckwheat under the influence of his delight in the calf. 

'How could she fail to be? Oh, Semyon the contractor 
came the day after you left. You must settle with him, 
Konstantin Dmitritch,' said the bailiff. 'I did inform you 
about the machine.' 

This question was enough to take Levin back to all the 
details of his work on the estate, which was on a large scale, 
and complicated. He went straight from the cowhouse to the 
counting-house, and after a little conversation with the bailiff 
and Semyon the contractor, he went back to the house and 
straight upstairs to the drawing-room. 



CHAPTER XXVII 

THE house was big and old fashioned, and Levin, though 
he lived alone, had the whole house heated and used. 
He knew that this was stupid, he knew that it was 
positively not right, and contrary to his present new plans, 
but this house was a whole world to Levin. It was the world 
in which his father and mother had lived and died. They had 
lived just the life that to Levin seemed the ideal of perfec- 
tion, and that he had dreamed of beginning with his wife, 
his family. 

Levin scarcely remembered his mother. His conception of 
her was for him a sacred memory, and his future wife was 
bound to be in his imagination a repetition of that exquisite, 
holy ideal of a woman that his mother had been. 

He was so far from conceiving of love for woman apart 
from marriage, that he positively pictured to himself first 
the family, and only secondarily the woman who would give 
him a family. His ideas of marriage were, consequently, 
quite unlike those of the great majority of his acquaintances, 
for whom getting married was one of the numerous facts of 
social life. For Levin it was the chief affair of life, on 
which its whole happiness turned. And now he had to give 
up that. 

When he had gone into the little drawing-room, where he 
always had tea, and had settled himself in his armchair with 
a book, and Agafea Mihalovna had brought him tea, and 
with her usual, 'Well, I'll stay a while, sir,' had taken a chair 
in the window, he felt that, however strange it might be, he 
had not parted from his day-dreams and that he could not 
live without them. Whether with her, or with another, still 
it would be. He was reading a book, and thinking of what 
he was reading, and stopping to listen to Agafea Mihalovna, 
who gossiped away without flagging, and yet with all that, 
all sorts of pictures of family life and work in the future 
rose disconnectedly before his imagination. He felt that in 

126 



ANNA KAREXIN 13T 

the depth of his soul something had been put in its place, 
settled down, and laid to rest. 

He heard Agafea Mihalovna talking of how Prohor had 
forgotten his duty to God, and with the money Levin had 
given him to buy a horse, had been drinking without stopping, 
and had beaten his wife till he'd half killed her. He listened, 
and read his book, and recalled the whole train of ideas sug- 
gested by his reading. It was Tyndall's Treatise on Heat. 
He recalled his own criticisms of Tyndall for his complacent 
satisfaction in the cleverness of his experiments, and for his 
lack of philosophic insight. And suddenly there floated into 
his mind the joyful thought: 'In two years' time I shall have 
two Dutch cows ; Pava herself will perhaps still be alive, a 
dozen young daughters of Berkoot and the three others — 
how lovely !' 

He took up his book again. 'Very good, electricity and 
heat are the same thing; but is it possible to substitute the 
one quantity for the other in the equation for the solution of 
any problem? No. Well then, what of it? The connection 
between all the forces of nature is felt instinctively. . . . 
It's particularly nice if Pava's daughter should be a red- 
spotted cow, and all the herd will take after her, and the 
other three, too ! Splendid ! To go out with my wife and 
visitors to meet the herd. . . . My wife says, ''Kostya and 
I looked after that calf like a child." '"How can it interest 
you so much?" says a visitor. "Everything that interests 
him, interests me." But who will she be?' And he remem- 
bered what had happened at Moscow. . . . 'Well, there's 
nothing to be done. . . . It's not my fault. But now every- 
thing shall go on in a new way. It's nonsense to pretend 
that life won't let one, that the past won't let one. One 
must struggle to live better, much better.* . . . He raised his 
head, and fell to dreaming. Old Laska, who had not yet fully 
digested her delight at his return, and had run out into the 
yard to bark, came back wagging her tail, and crept up to 
him, bringing in the scent of the fresh air, put her head 
under his hand, and whined plaintively, asking to be stroked.' 
'There, who'd have thought it?' said Agafea Mihalovna. 
'The dog now. . . . why, she understands that her master's 
come home, and that he's low-spirited.' 



128 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Why low-spirited?' 

'Do you suppose I don't see it, sir? It's high time I should 
know the gentry. Why, I've grown up from a little thing 
with them. It's nothing, sir, so long as there's health and 
a clear conscience." 

Levin looked intently at her, surprised at how well she 
knew his thought. 

'Shall I fetch you another cup?' said she, and taking his 
cup she went out. 

Laska kept poking her head under his hand. He stroked 
her, and she promptly curled up at his feet, laying her head 
on a hind-paw. And in token of all now being well and sat- 
isfactory, she opened her mouth a little, smacked her lips, and 
settling her sticky lips more comfortably about her old teeth, 
she sank into blissful repose. Levin watched all her move- 
ments attentively. 

'That's what I'll do,' he said to himself; 'that's what I'll 
do ! Nothing's amiss. . . . All's well.' 



CHAPTER XXVIII 

A FTER the ball, early next morning, Anna Arkadyevna 
l\ sent her husband a telegram that she was leaving 
-^-^ Moscow the same day. 

'No, I must go, I must go' ; she explained to her sister-in- 
law the change in her plans in a tone that suggested that she 
had to remember so many things that there was no enumerat- 
ing them: 'no, it had really better be to-day!' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was not dining at home, but he 
promised to come and see his sister off at seven o'clock. 

Kitty, too, did not come, sending a note that she had a 
headache. Dolly and Anna dined alone with the children 
and the English governess. Whether it was that the children 
were fickle, or that they had acute senses, and felt that 
Anna was quite different that day from what she had been 
when they had taken such a fancy to her, that she was not 
now interested in them, — but they had abruptly dropped 
their play with their aunt, and their love for her, and were 
quite indifferent that she was going away. Anna was ab- 
sorbed the whole morning in preparations for her departure. 
She wrote notes to her Moscow acquaintances, put down her 
accounts, and packed. Altogether Dolly fancied she was not 
in a placid state of mind, but in that worried mood, which 
Dolly knew well with herself, and which does not come with- 
out cause, and for the most part covers dissatisfaction with 
self. 

After dinner, Anna went up to her room to dress, and 
Dolly followed her. 

'How queer you are to-day!' Dolly said to her. 

'I? Do you think so? I'm not queer, but I'm nasty. I 
am like that sometimes. I keep feeling as if I could cry. 
It's very stupid, but it'll pass off,' said Anna quickly, and 
she bent her flushed face over a tiny bag in which she was 
packing a nightcap and some cambric handkerchiefs. Her 
eyes were peculiarly bright, and were continually swimming 

129 



130 LEO TOLSTOY 

with tears. 'In the same way I didn't want to leave Peters- 
burg, and now I don't want to go away from here.' 

'You came here and did a good deed/ said Dolly, looking 
intently at her. 

Anna looked at her with eyes wet with tears. 

'Don't say that, Dolly. I've done nothing, and could do 
nothing. I often wonder why people are all in league to 
spoil me. What have I done, and what could I do? In your 
heart there was found love enough to forgive . . .' 

'If it had not been for you. God knows, what would have 
happened ! How happy you are, Anna !' said Dolly. 'Every- 
thing is clear and good in your heart.' 

'Every heart has its own skeletons, as the English say.' 

'You have no sort of skeleton, have you? Everything is so 
clear in you.' 

'I have !* said Anna suddenly, and, unexpectedly after her 
tears, a sly, ironical smile curved her lips. 

'Come, he's amusing, anyway, your skeleton, and not de- 
pressing,' said Dolly, smiling. 

'No, he's depressing. Do you know why I'm going to-day 
instead of to-morrow ? It's a confession that weighs on me ; I 
want to make it to you,' said Anna, letting herself drop defi- 
nitely into an armchair, and looking straight into Dolly's face. 

And to her surprise Dolly saw that Anna was blushing up 
to her ears, up to the curly black ringlets on her neck. 

'Yes,' Anna went on. 'Do you know why Kitty didn't come 
to dinner? She's jealous of me. I have spoiled . . . I've 
been the cause of that ball being a torture to her instead of a 
pleasure. But truly, truly, it's not my fault, or only my fault 
a little bit,' she said, daintily drawling the words 'a little bit.' 

'Oh, how like Stiva you said that !' said Dolly, laughing. 

Anna was hurt. 

'Oh no, oh no ! I'm not Stiva,' she said, knitting her brows, 
'That's why I'm telling you, just because I could never let 
myself doubt myself for an instant,' said Anna. 

But at the very moment she was uttering the words, she 
felt that they were not true. She was not merely doubting 
of herself, she felt emotion at the thought of Vronsky, and 
was going away sooner than she had meant, simply to avoid 
meeting him. 



ANNA KAREXIX 131 

'Yes, Stiva told me you danced the mazurka with him, and 
that he . . .' 

'You can't imagine how absurdly it all came about. I only 
meant to be matchmaking, and all at once it turned out quite 
differently. Possibly against my own will . . .' 

She crimsoned and stopped. 

'Oh, they feel it directly!' said Dolly. 

'But I should be in despair if there were anything serious 
in it on his side,' Anna interrupted her. 'And I am certain 
it will all be forgotten, and Kitty will leave off hating me.' 

'All the same, Anna, to tell you the truth, I'm not very 
anxious for this marriage for Kitty. And it's better it should 
come to nothing, if he, Vronsky, is capable of falling in love 
with you in a single day.' 

'Oh, heavens, that would be too silly !' said Anna, and 
again a deep flush of pleasure came out on her face, when- 
she heard the idea, that absorbed her, put into words. 'And 
so here I am going away having made an enemy of Kitty, 
whom I liked so much ! Ah, how sweet she is ! But you'll 
make it right, Dolly? Eh?' 

Dolly could scarcely suppress a smile. She loved Anna, 
but she enjoyed seeing that she too had her weaknesses. 

'An enemy? That can't be.' 

'I did so want you all to care for me, as I do for you, and 
now I care for you more than ever,' said Anna, with tears in 
her eyes. 'Ah, how silly I am to-day !' 

She passed her handkerchief over her face and began 
dressing. 

At the very moment of starting Stepan Arkadyevitch ar- 
rived, late, rosy and good-humoured, smelling of wine and 
cigars. 

Anna's emotionalism infected Dolly, and when she em- 
braced her sister-in-law for the last time, she whispered: 
'Remember, Anna, what you've done for me, — I shall never 
forget. And remember that I love you, and shall always 
love you as my dearest friend!' 

'I don't know why,' said Anna, kissing her and hiding her 
tears. 

'You understood me, and you understand. Good-bye, my 
darling !' 



CHAPTER XXIX 

*/^OME, it's all over, and thank God!' was the first 
I . thought that came to Anna Arkadyevna, when she 
^^ — had said good-bye for the last time to her brother, 
who had stood blocking up the entrance to the carriage till 
the third bell rang. She sat down on her lounge beside 
Annushka, and looked about her in the twilight of the sleep- 
ing-carriage. 'Thank- God! to-morrow I shall see Seryozha 
and Alexey Alexandrovitch, and my life will go on in the 
old way, all nice and as usual.' 

Still in the same anxious frame of mind, as she had been 
all that day, Anna took pleasure in arranging herself for 
the journey with great care. With her little deft hands she 
opened and shut her little red bag, took out a cushion, laid 
it on her knees, and carefully wrapping up her feet, settled 
herself comfortably. An invalid lady had already lain down 
to sleep. Two other ladies began talking to Anna, and a 
stout elderly lady tucked up her feet, and made observations 
about the heating of the train. Anna answered a few words, 
but not foreseeing any entertainment from the conversation, 
she asked Annushka to get a lamp, hooked it on to the arm 
of her seat, and took from her bag a paper-knife and an 
English novel. At first her reading made no progress. The 
fuss and bustle was disturbing; then when the train had 
started, she could not help listening to the noises; then the 
snow beating on the left window and sticking to the pane, 
and the sight of the muffled guard passing by, covered with 
snow on one side, and the conversations about the terrible 
snowstorm raging outside, distracted her attention. Further 
on, it was continually the same again and again: the same 
shaking and rattling, the same snow on the window, the same 
rapid transitions from steaming heat to cold, and back again 
to heat, the same passing glimpses of the same figures in the 
twilight, and the same voices, and Anna began to read and to 
understand what she read. Annushka was already dozing, 

132 



AXXA KAREXIX 133 

the red bag on her lap, clutched by her broad hands, in gloves, 
of which one was torn. Anna Arkadyevna read and under- 
stood; but it was distasteful to her to read, that is, to follow 
the reflection of other people's lives. She had too great a 
desire to live herself. If she read that the heroine of the 
novel were nursing a sick man, she longed to move with noise- 
less steps about the room of a sick man ; if she read of a 
member of Parliament making a speech, she longed to be 
delivering the speech; if she read of how Lady Mary had 
ridden after the hounds, and had provoked her sister-in-law. 
and had surprised every one by her boldness, she too wished 
to be doing the same. But there was no chance of doing 
anything; and twisting the smooth paper-knife in her little 
hands, she forced herself to read. 

The hero of the novel was already almost reaching his 
English happiness, a baronetcy and an estate, and Anna was 
feeling a desire to go with him to the estate, when she sud- 
denly felt that he ought to feel ashamed, and that she was 
ashamed of the same thing. But what had he to be ashamed 
of? 'What have I to be ashamed of?' she asked herself in 
injured surprise. She laid down the book and sank against 
the back of the chair, tightly gripping the paper-cutter in 
both hands. There was nothing. She went over all her 
Moscow recollections. All were good, pleasant. She remem- 
bered the ball, remembered Vronsky and his face of slavish 
adoration, remembered all her conduct with him : there was 
nothing shameful. And for all that, at the same point in 
her memories, the feeling of shame was intensified, as though 
some inner voice, just at the point when she thought of 
Vronsky, were saying to her, 'Warm, very warm, hot.' 'Well, 
what is it?' she said to herself resolutely shifting her seat 
in the lounge. "What does it mean? Am I afraid to look 
it straight in the face? Why, what is it? Can it be that 
between me and this officer boy there exists, or can exist, 
any other relations than such as are common with every 
acquaintance?" She laughed contemptuously and took up her 
book again; but now she was definitely unable to follow what 
she read. She passed the paper-knife over the window- 
pane, then laid its smooth, cool surface to her cheek, and 
almost laughed aloud at the feeling of delight that all at once 



134 LEO TOLSTOY 

without cause came over her. She felt as though her nerves 
were strings being strained tighter and tighter on some 
sort of screwing peg. She felt her eyes opening wider and 
wider, her fingers and toes twitching nervously, something 
within oppressing her breathing, while all shapes and sounds 
seemed in the uncertain half-light to strike her with unac- 
customed vividness. Moments of doubt were continually 
coming upon her, when she was uncertain whether the train 
were going forwards or backwards, or were standing still 
altogether; whether it were Annushka at her side or a 
stranger. 'What's that on the arm of the chair, a fur cloak 
or some beast? And what am I myself? Myself or some 
other woman ?' She was afraid of giving way to this delir- 
ium. But something drew her towards it, and she could 
yield to it or resist it at will. She got up to rouse herself, 
and slipped off her plaid and the cape of her warm dress. 
For a moment she regained her self-possession, and realised 
that the thin peasant who had come in wearing a long over- 
coat, with buttons missing from it, was the stoveheater, that 
he was looking at the thermometer, that it was the wind and 
snow bursting in after him at the door ; but then everything 
grew blurred again . . . That peasant with the long waist 
seemed to be gnawing something on the wall, the old lady 
began stretching her legs the whole length of the carriage, 
and filling it with a black cloud ; then there was a fearful 
shrieking and banging, as though some one were being torn 
to pieces ; then there was a blinding dazzle of red fire before 
her eyes and a wall seemed to rise up and hide everything. 
Anna felt as though she were sinking down. But it was not 
terrible, but delightful. The voice of a man muffled up and 
covered with snow shouted something in her ear. She got 
up and pulled herself together; she realised that they had 
reached a station and that this was the guard. She asked 
Annushka to hand her the cape she had taken off and her 
shawl, put them on and moved towards the door. 

'Do you wish to get out ?' asked Annushka. 

'Yes, I want a little air. It's very hot in here.' And she 
opened the door. The driving snow and the wind rushed 
to meet her and struggled with her over the door. But she 
enjoyed the struggle. 



ANNA KAREXIN 135 

She opened the door and went out. The wind seemed as 
though lying in wait for her ; with gleeful whistle it tried to 
snatch her up and bear her off, but she clung to the cold 
doorpost, and holding her skirt got down on to the platform 
and under the shelter of the carriages. The wind had been 
powerful on the steps, but on the platform, under the lee of 
the carriages, there was a lull. With enjoyment she drew 
deep breaths of the frozen, snowy air, and standing near the 
carriage looked about the platform and the lighted station. 



CHAPTER XXX 

THE raging tempest rushed whistling between the wheels 
of the carriages about the scaffolding, and round the 
corner of the station. The carriages, posts, people, 
everything that was to be seen was covered with snow on one 
side, and was getting more and more thickly covered. For a 
moment there would come a lull in the storm, but then it 
would swoop down again with such onslaughts that it seemed 
impossible to stand against it. Meanwhile men ran to and fro, 
talking merrily together, their steps crackling on the platform 
as they continually opened and closed the big doors. The bent 
shadow of a man glided by at her feet, and she heard sounds 
of a hammer upon iron. 'Hand over that telegram!' came 
an angry voice out of the stormy darkness on the other side. 
'This way ! No. 28 !' several different voices shouted again, 
and muffled figures ran by covered with snow. Two gentle- 
men with lighted cigarettes passed by her. She drew one 
more deep breath of the fresh air, and had just put her hand 
out of her muff to take hold of the doorpost and get back 
into the carriage, when another man in a military overcoat, 
quite close beside her, stepped between her and the flickering 
light of the lamp-post. She looked round, and the same 
instant recognised Vronsky's face. Putting his hand to the 
peak of his cap, he bowed to her and asked, 'Was there any- 
thing she wanted? Could he be of any service to her?' 
She gazed rather a long while at him without answering, and, 
in spite of the shadow in which he was standing, she saw, 
or fancied she saw, both the expression of his face and his 
eyes. It was again that expression of reverential ecstasy 
which had so worked upon her the day before. More than 
once she had told herself during the past few days, and again 
only a few moments before, that Vronsky was for her only 
one of the hundreds of young men, for ever exactly the same, 
that are met everywhere, that she would never allow herself 
to bestow a thought upon him. But now at the first instant 

136 



ANNA KARENS N 137 

of meeting him, she was seized by a feeling of joyful pride. 
She had no need to ask why he had come. She knew as 
certainly as if he had told her that he was here to be where 
she was. 

'I didn't know you were going. What are you coming 
for?' she said, letting fall the hand with which she had 
grasped the doorpost. And irrepressible delight and eager- 
ness shone in her face. 

"What am I coming for?' he repeated, looking straight 
into her eyes. 'You know that I have come to be where you 
are,' he said, 'I can't help it.' 

At that moment the wind, as it were surmounting all 
obstacles, sent the snow flying from the carriage roofs, and 
clanked some sheet of iron it had torn off, while the hoarse 
whistle of the engine roared in front, plaintively and 
gloomily. All the awfulness of the storm seemed to her 
more splendid now. He had said what her soul longed to 
hear, though she feared it with her reason. She made no 
answer, and in her face he saw conflict. 

'Forgive me, if you dislike what I said,' he said humbly. 

He had spoken courteously, deferentially, yet so firmly, so 
stubbornly, that for a long while she could make no answer. 

'It's wrong, what you say, and I beg you, if you're a good 
man, to forget what you've said as I forget it,' she said 
at last. 

'Not one word not one gesture of yours shall I, could I, 
ever forget. . . .' 

'Enough, enough!' she cried, trying assiduously to give a 
stern expression to her face, into which he was gazing 
greedily. And clutching at the cold doorpost, she clambered 
up the steps and got rapidly into the corridor of the carriage. 
But in the little corridor she paused, going over in her 
imagination what had happened. Though she could not recall 
her own words or his, she realised instinctively that that 
momentary conversation had brought them fearfully closer; 
and she was panic-stricken and blissful at it. After standing 
still a few seconds, she went into the carriage and sat down 
in her place. The overstrained condition which had tor- 
mented her before did not only come back, but was intensi- 
fied, and reached such a pitch that she was afraid every 

P— 6 



138 LEO TOLSTOY 

minute that something would snap within her from the ex- 
cessive tension. She did not sleep all night. But in that 
nervous tension, and in the visions that filled her imagina- 
tion, there was nothing disagreeable or gloomy : on the 
contrary there was something blissful, glowing, and exhilar- 
ating. Towards morning Anna sank into a doze, sitting in 
her place, and when she waked it was daylight and the train 
was near Petersburg. At once thoughts of home, of husband 
and of son, and the details of that day and the following 
came upon her. 

At Petersburg, so soon as the train stopped and she got 
out, the first person that attracted her attention was her 
husband. 'Oh, mercy! why do his ears look like that?' she 
thought, looking at his frigid and imposing figure, and espe- 
cially the ears that struck her at the moment as propping up 
the brim of his round hat. Catching sight of her, he came to 
meet her, his lips falling into their habitual sarcastic smile, 
and his big, tired eyes looking straight at her. An unpleas- 
ant sensation gripped at her heart when she met his obstinate 
and weary glance, as though she had expected to see him 
different. She was especially struck by the feeling of dissat- 
isfaction with herself that she experienced on meeting him. 
That feeling was an intimate, familiar feeling, like a con- 
sciousness of hypocrisy, which she experienced in her rela- 
tions with her husband. But hitherto she had not taken note 
of the feeling, now she was clearly and painfully aware of it. 

'Yes, as you see, your tender spouse, as devoted as the first 
year after marriage, burned with impatience to see you,' he 
said in his deliberate, high-pitched voice and in that tone 
which he almost always took with her, a tone of jeering at 
any one who should say in earnest what he said. 

'Is Seryozha quite well ?' she asked. 

'And is this all the reward,' said he, 'for my ardour? He's 
quite well. , . .' 



CHAPTER XXXI 

VRONSKY had not even tried to sleep all that night. 
He sat in his armchair, looking straight before him 
or scanning the people who got in and out. If he had 
indeed on previous occasions struck and impressed people 
who did not know him by his air of unhesitating composure, 
he seemed now more haughty and self-possessed than ever. 
He looked at people as if they were things. A nervous 
young man, a clerk in a law-court, sitting opposite him, 
hated him for that look. The young man asked him for a 
light, and entered into conversation with him, and even 
pushed against him, to make him feel that he was not a 
thing, but a person. But Vronsky gazed at him exactly 
as he did at the lamp, and the young man made a wry 
face, feeling that he was losing self-possession under 
the oppression of this refusal to recognise him as a 
person. 

Vronsky saw nothing and no one. He felt himself a king, 
not because he believed that he had made an impression 
on Anna — he did not yet believe that, — but because the im- 
pression she had made on him gave him happiness and 
pride. 

What would come of it all he did not know, he did not even 
think. He felt that all his forces, hitherto dissipated, wasted, 
were centred on one thing, and bent with fearful energy on 
one blissful goal. And he was happy at it. He knew only 
that he had told her the truth, that he had come where she 
was, that all the happiness of his life, the only meaning in 
life for him, now lay in seeing and hearing her. And when 
he got out of the carriage at Bologova to get some seltzer 
water, and caught sight of Anna, involuntarily his first word 
had told her just what he thought. And he was glad he had 
told her it, that she knew it now and was thinking of it. He 
did not sleep all night. When he was back in the carriage, 
he kept unceasingly going over every position in which he 

139 



140 LEO TOLSTOY 

had seen her, every word she had uttered, and before his 
fancy, making his heart faint with emotion, floated pictures 
of a possible future. 

When he got out of the train at Petersburg, he felt after 
his sleepless night as keen and fresh as after a cold bath. 
He paused near his compartment, waiting for her to get out. 
'Once more,' he said to himself, smiling unconsciously, 'once 
more I shall see her walk, her face ; she will say something, 
turn her head, glance, smile may be.' But before he caught 
sight of her, he saw her husband, whom the stationmaster 
was deferentially escorting through the crowd. 'Ah, yes ! 
The husband.' Only now for the first time did Vronsky 
realise clearly the fact that there was a person attached to 
her, a husband. He knew that she had a husband, but had 
hardly believed in his existence, and only now fully believed 
in him, with his head and shoulders, and his legs clad in 
black trousers ; especially when he saw this husband calmly 
take her arm with a sense of property. 

Seeing Alexey Alexandrovitch with his Petersburg face 
and severely self-confident figure, in his round hat, with his 
rather prominent spine, he believed in him, and was aware 
of a disagreeable sensation, such as a man might feel tor- 
tured by thirst, who, on reaching a spring, should find a dog, 
a sheep, or a pig who has drunk of it and muddied the water. 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's manner of walking with a swing of 
the hips and flat feet, particularly annoyed Vronsky. He 
could recognise in no one but himself an indubitable right 
to love her. But she was still the same, and the sight of her 
aftected him the same way, physically reviving him, stirring 
him, and filling his soul with rapture. He told his German 
valet, who ran up to him from the second-class, to take his 
things and go on, and he himself went up to her. He saw 
the first meeting between the husband and wife, and noted 
with a lover's insight the signs of slight reserve with which 
she spoke to her husband. "No, she does not love him and 
cannot love him,' he decided to himself. 

At the moment when he was approaching Anna Arkadyevna 
he noticed too with joy that she was conscious of his being 
near, and looked round, and seeing him, turned again to her 
husband. 



AXNA KAREXIX 141 

'Have yon had a good night?' he said, bowing to her and 
to her husband together, and leaving it to Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch to accept the bow on his own account, and to recog- 
nise it or not, as he might see fit. 

"Thank you, very good,' she answered. 

Her face looked weary, and there was not that play of 
eagerness in it, peeping out in her smile and her eyes ; but 
for a single instant, as she glanced at him, there was a flash 
of something in her eyes, and although the flash died away at 
once, he was happy for that moment. She glanced at her 
husband to find out whether he knew Vronsky. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch looked at Vronsky with displeasure, vaguely 
recalling who this was. Vronsky's composure and self-confi- 
dence here struck, like a scythe against a stone, upon the cold 
self-confidence of Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

'Count Vronsky,' said Anna. 

'Ah ! We are acquainted, I believe," said Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch indifferently, giving his hand. 

'You set off with the mother and you return with the son,' 
he said, articulating each syllable, as though each were a 
separate favour he was bestowing. 

'You're back from leave, I suppose?' he said, and without 
waiting for a reply, he turned to his wife in his jesting tone: 
'Well, were a great many tears shed at Moscow at parting?' 

By addressing his wife like this he gave Vronsky to under- 
stand that he wished to be left alone, and, turning slightly 
towards him, he touched his hat; but Vronsky turned to 
Anna Arkadyevna. 

'I hope I may have the honour of calling on you,' he said. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch glanced with his weary eyes at 
Vronsky. 

'Delighted," he said coldly. 'On Mondays we're at home. 
Alost fortunate,' he said to his wife, dismissing Vronsky 
altogether, 'that I should just have half an hour to meet you, 
so that I can prove my devotion,' he went on in the same 
jesting tone. 

'You lay too much stress on your devotion for me to value 
it much,' she responded in the same jesting tone, involun- 
tarily listening to the sound of Vronsky's steps behind them. 
'But what has it to do with me?' she said to herself, and she 



143 LEO TOLSTOY 

began asking her husband how Seryozha had got on without 
her. 

Oh, capitally ! Mariette says he has been very good, and 
... I must disappoint you . . . but he has not missed you 
as your husband has. But once more mcrci, my dear, for 
giving me a day. Our dear Samovar will be delighted.' (He 
used to call the Countess Lidia Ivanovna, well known in 
society, a samovar, because she was always bubbling over 
with excitement.) 'She has been continually asking after 
you. And, do you know, if I may venture to advise you, you 
should go and see her to-day. You know how she takes 
everything to heart. Just now, with all her own cares, she's 
anxious about the Oblonfekys being brought together.' 

The Countess Lidia Ivanovna was a friend of her hus- 
band's, and the centre of that one of the coteries of the 
Petersburg world with which Anna was, through her hus- 
band, in the closest relations. 

'But you know I wrote to her ?' 

'Still she'll want to hear details. Go and see her. if you're 
not too tired, my dear. Well. Kondraty will take you in the 
carriage, while I go to my committee. I shall not be alone at 
dinner again,' Alexey Alexandrovitch went on, no longer in 
a sarcastic tone. 'You wouldn't believe how I've missed 
. . .' And with a long pressure of her hand and a meaning 
smile, he put her in her carriage. 



CHAPTER XXXII 

THE first person to meet Anna at home was her son. 
He dashed down the stairs to her, in spite of the 
governess's call, and with desperate joy shrieked: 
"Mother ! mother !' Running up to her, he hung on her neck. 

'I told you it was mother!' he shouted to the governess. 
'I knew !' 

And her son, like her husband, aroused in Anna a feeling 
akin to disappointment. She had imagined him better than 
he was in reality. She had to let herself drop down to the 
reality to enjoy him as he really was. But even as he was, 
he was charming, with his fair curls, his blue eyes, and his 
plump, graceful little legs in tightly pulled-up stockings. 
Anna experienced almost physical pleasure in the sensation 
of his nearness, and his caresses, and moral soothing, when 
she met his simple, confiding, and loving glance, and heard 
his naive questions. Anna took out the presents Dolly's chil- 
dren had sent him and told her son what sort of a little girl 
was Tanya at Moscow, and how Tanya could read, and even 
taught the other children. 

"Why, am I not so nice as she ?' asked Seryozha. 

'To me you're nicer than any one in the world.' 

T know that,' said Seryzoha, smiling. 

Anna had not had time to drink her coffee when the Coun- 
tess Lidia Ivanovna was announced. The Countess Lidia 
Ivanovna was a tall, stout woman, with an unhealthily sallow 
face and splendid, pensive black eyes. Anna liked her, but 
to-day she seemed to be seeing her for the first time with 
all her defects. 

"Well, my dear, so you took the olive branch?' inquired 
Countess Lidia Ivanovna, as soon as she came into the room. 

"Yes, it's all over, but it was all much less serious than we 
had supposed,' answered Anna. 'My hcllc-socur is in general 
too hasty.' 

143 



144 LEO TOLSTOY 

But Countess Lidia Ivanovna, though she was inter- 
ested in everything that did not concern her, had a habit 
of never listening to what interested her ; she interrupted 
Anna — 

'Yes, there's plenty of sorrow and evil in the world. I am 
so worried to-day.' 

'Oh, why ?' asked Anna, trying to suppress a smile. 

'I'm beginning to be weary of fruitlessly championing the 
truth, and sometimes I'm quite unhinged by it. The Society 
of the Little Sisters' (this was a religiously-patriotic, philan- 
thropic institution) 'was going splendidly, but with these 
gentlemen it's impossible to do anything,' added Countess 
Lidia Ivanovna in a tone of ironical submission to destiny. 
'They pounce on the idea, and distort it, and then work it out 
so pettily and unworthily. Two or three people, your hus- 
band among them, understand all the importance of the thing, 
but the others simply drag it down. Yesterday Pravdin wrote 
to me . . .' 

Pravdin was a well-known Panslavist abroad, and Countess 
Lidia Ivanovna described the purport of his letter. 

Then the countess told her of more disagreements and in- 
trigues against the work of the unification of the churches, 
and departed in haste, as she had that day to be at the 
meeting of some society and also at the Slavonic committee. 

'It was all the same before, of course ; but why was it I 
didn't notice it before?' Anna asked herself. 'Or has she 
been very much irritated to-day? It's really ludicrous; her 
object is doing good; she's a Christian, yet she's always 
angry ; and she always has enemies, and always enemies in 
the name of Christianity and doing good.' 

After Countess Lidia Ivanovna another friend came, the 
wife of a chief secretary, who told her all the news of the 
town. At three o'clock she too went away, promising to 
come to dinner. Alexey Alexandrovitch was at the ministry. 
Anna left alone, spent the time till dinner in assisting at her 
son's dinner (he dined apart from his parents) and in put- 
ting her things in order, and in reading and answering the 
notes and letters which had accumulated on her table. 

The feeling of causeless shame, which she had felt on the 
journey, and her excitement, too, had completely vanished. 



ANNA KARENIN 145 

In the habitual conditions of her Hfe she felt again resolute 
and irreproachable. 

She recalled with wonder her state of mind on the previous 
day. "What was it? Nothing. Vronsky said something 
silly, which it was easy to put a stop to, and I answered as 
I ought to have done. To speak of it to my husband would 
be unnecessary and out of the question. To speak of it 
would be to attach importance to what has no importance.' 
She remembered how she had told her husband of what was 
almost a declaration made her at Petersburg by a young man, 
one of her husband's subordinates, and how Alexey Alex- 
androvitch had answered that every woman living in the 
world was exposed to such incidents, but that he had the 
fullest confidence in her tact, and could never lower her and 
himself by jealousy. 'So then there's no reason to speak of 
it? And indeed, thank God, there's nothing to speak of,' 
she told herself. 



CHAPTER XXXIII 

ALEXEY ALEXANDROVITCH came back from the 

l\ meeting of the ministers at four o'clock, but as often 
■^ — ^ happened, he had not time to come in to her. He 
went into his study to see the people waiting for him with 
petitions, and to sign some papers brought him by his chief 
secretary. At dinner-time (there were always a few people 
dining with the Karenins) there arrived an old lady, a cousin 
of Alexey Alexandrovitch, the chief secretary of the depart- 
ment and his wife, and a young man who had been recom- 
mended to Alexey Alexandrovitch for the service. Anna 
went into the drawing-room to receive these guests. Pre- 
cisely at five o'clock, before the bronze Peter the First clock 
had struck the fifth stroke, Alexey Alexandrovitch came in, 
wearing a white tie and evening coat with two stars, as he 
had to go out directly after dinner. Every minute of Alexey 
Alexandrovitch's life was portioned out and occupied. And 
to make time to get through all that lay before him every day, 
he adhered to the strictest punctuality. 'Unhasting and 
unresting,' was his motto. He came into the dining-hall, 
greeted every one, and hurriedly sat down, smiling to his 
wife. 

'Yes, my solitude is over. You wouldn't believe how un- 
comfortable' (he laid stress on the word uncomfortable) 'it 
is to dine alone.' 

At dinner he talked a little to his wife about Moscow 
matters, and, with a sarcastic smile, asked her after Stepan 
Arkadyevitch ; but the conversation was for the most part 
general, dealing with Petersburg official and public news. 
After dinner he spent half an hour with his guests, and again, 
with a smile, pressed his wife's hand, withdrew, and drove off 
to the council. Anna did not go out that evening either to 
the Princess Betsy Tverskoy, who, hearing of her return, had 
invited her, nor to the theatre, where she had a box for that 
evening. She did not go out principally because the dress 

146 



ANNA KARENIN 147 

she had reckoned upon was not ready. Altogether, Anna, on 
turning, after the departure of her guests, to the considera- 
tion of her attire, was very much annoyed. She was gen- 
erally a mistress of the art of dressing well without great 
expense, and before leaving Moscow she had given her dress- 
maker three dresses to transform. The dresses had to be 
altered so that they could not be recognised, and they ought 
to have been ready three days before. It appeared that two 
dresses had not been done at all, while the other one had not 
been altered as Anna had intended. The dressmaker came to 
explain, declaring that it would be better as she had done it, 
and Anna was so furious that she felt ashamed when she 
thought of it afterwards. To regain her serenity completely 
she went into the nursery, and spent the whole evening with 
her son, put him to bed herself, signed him with the cross, 
and tucked him up. She was glad she had not gone out 
anywhere, and had spent the evening so well. She felt so 
light-hearted and serene, she saw so clearly that all that had 
seemed to her so important on her railway journey was only 
one of the common trivial incidents of fashionable life, and 
that she had no reason to feel ashamed before any one else 
or before herself. Anna sat down at the hearth with 
an English novel and waited for her husband. Exactly at 
half-past nine she heard his ring, and he came into the 
room. 

'Here you are at last !' she observed, holding out her hand 
to him. 

He kissed her hand and sat down beside her. 

'Altogether then, I see your visit was a success,' he said 
to her. 

'Oh yes,' she said, and she began telling him about every- 
thing from the beginning: her journey with Countess 
Vronsky, her arrival, the accident at the station. Then she 
described the pity she had felt, first for her brother, and after- 
wards for Dolly. 

'I imagine one cannot exonerate such a man from blame, 
though he is your brother,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch 
severely. 

Anna smiled. She knew that he said that simply to show 
that family considerations could not prevent him from ex- 



148 LEO TOLSTOY 

pressing his genuine opinion. She knew that characteristic 
in her husband, and liked it. 

'I am glad it has all ended so satisfactorily, and that you 
are back again,' he went on. 'Come, what do they say about 
the new act I have got passed in the council ?' 

Anna had heard nothing of this act, and she felt con- 
science-stricken at having been able so readily to forget what 
was to him of such importance. 

'Here, on the other hand, it has made a great sensation,' he 
said, with a complacent smile. 

She saw that Alexey Alexandrovitch wanted to tell her 
something pleasant to him about it, and she brought him by 
questions to telling it. With the same complacent smile he 
told her of the ovations he had received in consequence of the 
act he had passed. 

'I was very, very glad. It shows that at last a reasonable 
and steady view of the matter is becoming prevalent 
among us.' 

Having drunk his second cup of tea with cream, and bread, 
Alexey Alexandrovitch got up, and was going towards his 
study. 

'And you've not been anywhere this evening? You've 
been dull, I expect?' he said. 

'Oh no !' she answered, getting up after him and accom- 
panying him across the room to his study. 'What are you 
reading now ?' she asked. 

'Just now I'm reading Due de Lille, Pocsic dcs Enfcrs,' he 
answered. 'A very remarkable book.' 

Anna smiled, as people smile at the weaknesses of those 
they love, and, putting her hand under his, she escorted him 
to the door of the study. She knew his habit, that had grown 
into a necessity, of reading in the evening. She knew, too, 
that in spite of his official duties, which swallowed up almost 
the whole of his time, he considered it his duty to keep up 
with everything of note that appeared in the intellectual 
world. She knew, too, that he was really interested in books 
dealing with politics, philosophy, and theology, that art was 
utterly foreign to his nature; but, in spite of this, or rather, 
in consequence of it, Alexey Alexandrovitch never missed 
over anything in the world of art, but made it his duty to 



ANNA KARENIN 1« 

read everything. She knew that in politics, in philosophy, 
in theology, Alexey Alexandrovitch often had doubts, and 
made investigations ; but on questions of art and poetry, and, 
above all, of music, of which he was totally devoid of under- 
standing, he had the most distinct and decided opinions. He 
was fond of talking about Shakespeare, Raphael, Beethoven, 
of the significance of new schools of poetry and music, all 
of which were classified by him with very conspicuous 
consistency. 

"Well, God be with you,' she said at the door of the study, 
where a shaded candle and a decanter of water were already 
put by his armchair. "And I'll write to Moscow.' 

He pressed her hand, and again kissed it. 

"All the same he's a good man ; truthful, good-hearted, and 
remarkable in his own line,' Anna said to herself going back 
to her room, as though she were defending him to some one 
who had attacked him and said that one could not love him. 
"But why is it his ears stick out so strangely? Or has he 
had his hair cut?' 

Precisely at twelve o'clock, when Anna was still sitting at 
her writing-table, finishing a letter to Dolly, she heard the 
sound of measured steps in slippers, and Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch, freshly washed and combed, with a book under his 
arm, came in to her. 

'It's time, it's time,' said he, with a meaning smile and he 
went into their bedroom. 

'And what right had he to look at him like that?' thought 
Anna, recalling Vronsky's glance at Alexy Alexandrovitch. 

Undressing, she went into the bedroom ; but her face had 
none of the eagerness which, during her stay at Moscow, had 
fairly flashed from her eyes and her smile ; on the contrary, 
now the fire seemed quenched in her, hidden somewhere far 
away. 



CHAPTER XXXIV 

WHEN Vronsky went to Moscow from Petersburg, 
he had left his large set of rooms in Morskaia to 
his friend and favourite comrade Petritsky. 

Petritsky was a young lieutenant, not particularly well- 
connected, and not merely not wealthy, but always hopelessly 
in debt. Towards evening he was always drunk, and he had 
often been locked up after all sorts of ludicrous and dis- 
graceful scandals, but he was a favourite both of his com- 
rades and his superior officers. On arriving at twelve -o'clock 
from the station at his flat, Vronsky saw, at the outer door, 
a hired carriage familiar to him. While still outside his own 
door, as he rang, he heard masculine laughter, the lisp of a 
feminine voice, and Petritsky's voice : Tf that's one of the 
villains, don't let him in !' Vronsky told the servant not to 
announce him, and slipped, quietly into the first room. 
Baroness Shilton, a friend of Petritsky's, with a rosy little 
face and flaxen-hair, resplendent in a lilac satin gown, and 
filling the whole room, like a canary, with her Parisian 
chatter, sat at the round table making coffee. Petritsky, in 
his overcoat, and the cavalry captain Kamerovsky, in full 
uniform, probably just come from duty, were sitting each 
side of her, 

'Bravo ! Vronsky !' shouted Petritsky, jumping up. scraping 
his chair. 'Our host himself ! Baroness, some coffee for him 
out of the new coffee-pot. Why, we didn't expect you ! 
Hope you're satisfied with the ornament of your study,' he 
said, indicating the baroness. 'You know each other, of 
course?' 

'I should think so,' said Vronsky, with a bright smile, 
pressing the baroness's little hand. 'What next ! Pm an 
old friend.' 

'You're home after a journey,' said the baroness, 'so Pm 
flying. Oh, Pll be off this minute, if Pm in the way ' 

'You're at home wherever you are, baroness,' said Vronsky. 

150 



ANNA KARENIX 151 

'How do you do, Kamerovsky?' he added, coldly shaking 
hands with Kamerovsky. 

"There, you never know how to say such pretty things,' said 
the baroness, turning to Petritsky. 

'No; what's that for? After dinner I say things quite as 
good.' 

'After dinner there's no credit in them ! Well, then, I'll 
make you some coffee, so go and wash and get ready/ said 
the baroness, sitting down again, and anxiously turning the 
screw in the new coffee-pot. 'Pierre, give me the coffee,' 
she said, addressing Petritsky. whom she called Pierre as a 
contraction of his surname, making no secret of her relations 
with him. Til put it in.' 

'You'll spoil it !' 

'No, I won't spoil it! Well, and your wife?' said the 
baroness suddenly, interrupting Vronsky's conversation with 
his comrade. 'We've been marrying you here. Have you 
brought your wife?' 

'No, baroness. I was born a Bohemian, and a Bohemian 
I shall die.' 

'So much the better, so much the better. Shake hands 
on it.' 

And the baroness, detaining Vronsky, began telling him, 
with many jokes, about her last new plans of life, asking 
his advice. 

'He persists in refusing to give me a divorce ! Well, what 
am I to do?' {He was her husband.) 'Now I want to begin 
a suit against him. What do you advise ? Kamerovsky, look 
after the coffee ; it's boiling over. You see I'm engrossed 
with business ! I want a lawsuit, because I must have my 
property. Do you understand the folly of it. that on the 
pretext of my being unfaithful to him,' she said contemptu- 
ously, 'he wants to get the benefit of my fortune.' 

Vronsky heard with pleasure this light-hearted prattle of 
a pretty woman, agreed with her, gave her half-joking coun- 
sel, and altogether dropped at once into the tone habitual to 
him in talking to such women. In this Petersburg world all 
people were divided into utterly opposed classes. One, the 
lower class, vulgar, stupid, and, above all, ridiculous people, 
who believe that one husband ought to live with the one wife 



153 LEO TOLSTOY 

whom he has lawfully married; that a girl should be inno- 
cent, a woman modest, and a man manly, self-controlled, and 
strong; that one ought to bring up one's children, earn one's 
bread, and pay one's debts ; and various similar absurdities. 
This was the class of old-fashioned and ridiculous people. 
But there was another class of people, the real people. To 
this class they all belonged, and in it the great thing was to 
be elegant, generous, plucky, gay, to abandon oneself without 
a blush to every passion, and to laugh at everything else. 

For the first moment only, Vronsky was startled after the 
impressions of a quite different world that he had brought 
with him from Moscow. But immediately, as though slipping 
his feet into old slippers, he dropped back into the light- 
hearted, pleasant world he had always lived in. 

The coffee was never really made, but spluttered over 
every one, and boiled away, doing just what was required 
of it — that is, providing cause for much noise and laughter, 
and spoiling a costly rug and the baroness's gown. 

'Well now, good-bye. or you'll never get washed, and I 
shall have on my conscience the worst sin a gentleman can 
commit. So you would advise a knife to his throat?' 

'To be sure, and manage that your hand may be not far 
from his lips. He'll kiss your hand, and all will end satisfac- 
torily,' answered Vronsky. 

'So at the Franqais !' and, with a rustle of her skirts, she 
vanished. 

Kamerovsky got up too, and Vronsky, not waiting for him 
to go, shook hands and went off to his dressing-room. 

While he was washing, Petritsky described to him in brief 
outlines his position, as far as it had changed since Vronsky 
had left Petersburg. No money at all. His father said he 
wouldn't give him any and pay his debts. His tailor was 
trying to get him locked up, and another fellow, too, was 
threatening to get him locked up. The colonel of the regi- 
ment had announced that if these scandals did not cease he 
would have to leave. As for the baroness, he was sick to 
death of her, especially since she'd taken to offering con- 
tinually to lend him money. But he had found a girl — he'd 
show her to Vronsky — a marvel, exquisite, in the strict Ori- 
ental style, 'genre of the slave Rebecca, don't you know.' 



ANNA KARENIN 153 

He'd had a row, too, with Berkoshov, and was going to send 
seconds to him, but of course it would come to nothing. 
Altogether everything was supremely amusing and jolly. 
And, not letting his comrade enter into further details of his 
position, Petritsky proceeded to tell him all the interesting 
news. As he listened to Petritsky's familiar stories in the 
familiar setting of the rooms he had spent the last three 
years in, Vronsky felt a delightful sense of coming back to 
the careless Petersburg life that he was used to. 

'Impossible !' he cried, letting down the pedal of the wash- 
ing basin in which he had been sousing his healthy red neck. 
'Impossible!' he cried at the news that Laura had flung over 
Fertinghof and had made up to Mileev. 'And is he as stupid 
and pleased as ever ? Well, and how's Buzulukov ?" 

'Oh, there is a tale about Buzulukov — simply lovely !' cried 
Petritsky. 'You know his weakness for balls, and he never 
misses a single court ball. He went to a big ball in a new 
helmet. Have you seen the new helmets ? Very nice, 
lighter, ^^'ell, so he's standing. . . . No, I say, do listen.' 

'I am listening,' answered Vronsky, rubbing himself with 
a rough towel. 

'Up comes the Grand-Duchess with some ambassador or 
other, and, as ill-luck would have it, she begins talking to him 
about the new helmets. The Grand-Duchess positively 
wanted to show the new helmet to the ambassador. They 
see our friend standing there.' (Petritsky mimicked how he 
was standing with the helmet.) 'The Grand-Duchess asked 
him to give her the helmet ; he doesn't give it her. What do 
you think of that? Well, every one's winking at him, nod- 
ding, frowning — give it to her, do ! He doesn't give it her. 
He's mute as a fish. Only picture it ! . , . Well, the . . . 
what's his name, whatever he was . . . tries to take the 
helmet from him ... he won't give it up ! . . . He pulls it 
from him and hands it to the Grand-Duchess. "Here, your 
Highness," says he, "is the new helmet." She turned the 
helmet the other side up, and — just picture it ! — plop went 
a pear and sweetmeats out of it, two pounds of sweetmeats ! 
. . . He'd been storing them up, the darling !' 

Vronsky burst into roars of laughter. And long after- 
wards, when he was talking of other things, he broke out 



loi LEO TOLSTOY 

into his healthy laugh, showing his strong, close rows of 
teeth, when he thought of the helmet. 

Having heard all the news, Vronsky, with the assistance of 
his valet, got into his uniform, and went off to report him- 
self. He intended, when he had done that, to drive to his 
brother's, and to Betsy's, and to pay several visits with a 
view to beginning to go into that society where he might 
meet Madame Karenin. As he always did in Petersburg, he 
left home not meaning to return till late at night. 



PART II 



CHAPTER I 

AT the end of the winter, in the Shtcherbatskys' house, a 
l\ consultation was being held, which was to pronounce 
-^-^ on the state of Kitty's health and the measures to be 
taken to restore her failing strength. She had been ill, and as 
spring came on she grew worse. The family doctor gave her 
codliver oil, then iron, then nitrate of silver, but as the first 
and the second and the third were alike in doing no good, 
and as his advice when spring came was to go abroad, a cele- 
brated physician was called in. The celebrated physician, a 
very handsome man, still youngish, asked to examine the 
patient. He maintained with peculiar satisfaction, it seemed, 
that maiden modesty is a mere relic of barbarism, and that 
nothing could be more natural than for a man still youngish 
to handle a young girl naked. He thought it natural because 
he did it every day, and felt and thought, as it seemed to him, 
no harm as he did it, and consequently he considered modesty 
in the girl not merely as a relic of barbarism, but also as an 
insult to himself. 

There was nothing for it but to submit, since, although all 
the doctors had studied in the same school, had read the 
same books, and learned the same science, and though some 
people said this celebrated doctor was a bad doctor, in the 
princess's household and circle it was for some reason ac- 
cepted that this celebrated doctor alone had some special 
knowledge, and that he alone could save Kitty. After a 
careful examination and sounding of the bewildered patient, 
dazed with shame, the celebrated doctor, having scrupulously 
washed his hands, was standing in the drawing-room talking 
to the prince. The prince frowned and coughed, listening to 
the doctor. As a man who had seen something of life, and 
neither a fool nor an invalid, he had no faith in medicine, 
and in his heart was furious at the whole farce, especially 

155 



156 LEO TOLSTOY 

as he was perhaps the only one who fully comprehended the 
cause of Kitty's illness. 'Conceited blockhead !' he thought, 
as he listened to the celebrated doctor's chatter about his 
daughter's symptoms. The doctor was meantime with diffi- 
culty restraining the expression of his contempt for this old 
gentleman and with difificulty condescending to the level of 
his intelligence. He perceived that it was no good talking 
to the old man, and that the principal person in the house was 
the mother. Before her he decided to scatter his pearls. At 
that instant the princess came into the drawing-room with 
the family doctor. The prince withdrew, trying not to show 
how ridiculous he thought the whole performance. The 
princess was distracted, and did not know what to do. She 
felt she had sinned against Kitty. 

'Well, doctor, decide our fate," said the princess. 'Tell me 
everything.' 

'Is there hope?' she meant to say, but her lips quivered, 
and she could not utter the question. 'Well, doctor?' 

'Immediately, princess. I will talk it over with my col- 
league, and then I will have the honour of laying my opinion 
before you.' 

'So we had better leave you?' 

'As you please.' 

The princess went out with a sigh. 

When the doctors were left alone, the family doctor began 
timidly explaining his opinion, that there was a commence- 
ment of tuberculous trouble, but . . . and so on. The cele- 
brated doctor listened to him, and in the middle of his sen- 
tence looked at his big gold watch. 
'Yes,' said he. 'But . . .' 

The family doctor respectfully ceased in the middle of his 
observations. 

'The commencement of the tuberculous process we are not, 
as you are aware, able to define ; till there are cavities, there 
is nothing definite. But we may suspect it. And there 
arc indications : malnutrition, nervous excitability, and so 
on. The question stands thus : in presence of indications 
of tuberculous process, what is to be done to maintain 
nutrition?' 

'But, you know, there are always moral, spiritual causes at 



ANNA KARENIN 157 

the back in these cases.' the family doctor permitted himself 
to interpolate with a subtle smile. 

'Yes, that's an understood thing,' responded the celebrated 
physician, again glancing at his watch. 'Beg pardon, is the 
Yausky bridge done yet, or shall I have to drive round ?' he 
asked. 'Ah ! it is. Oh, well, then I can do it in twenty 
minutes. So we were saying the problem may be put thus : 
to maintain nutrition and to give tone to the nerves. The one 
is in close connection with the other, one must attack both 
sides at once.' 

"And how about a tour abroad?'. asked the family doctor. 

'I've no liking for foreign tours. And take note: if there 
is an early stage of tuberculous process, of which we cannot 
be certain, a foreign tour will be of no use. What is 
wanted is means for improving nutrition, and not for lower- 
ing it.' And the celebrated doctor expounded his plan of 
treatment with Soden waters, a remedy obviously prescribed 
primarily on the ground that they could do no harm. 

The family doctor listened attentively and respectfully. 

'But in favour of foreign travel I would urge the change 
of habits, the removal from conditions calling up reminis- 
cences. And then the mother wishes it,' he added. 

*Ah ! Well, in that case, to be sure, let them go. Only, 
those German quacks are mischievous. . . . They ought to 
be persuaded. . . . Well, let them go then.' 

He glanced once more at his watch. 

'Oh ! time's up already,' and he went to the door. The 
celebrated doctor announced to the princess (a feeling of 
what was due from him dictated his doing so) that he ought 
to see the patient once more. 

"What ! another examination !' cried the mother, with 
horror. 

'Oh no, only a few details, princess.' 

'Come this way.' 

And the mother, accompanied by the doctor, went into the 
drawing-room to Kitty. Wasted and flushed, with a peculiar 
glitter in her eyes, left there by the agony of shame she had 
been put through, Kitty stood in the middle of the room. 
When the doctor came in she flushed crimson, and her eyes 
filled with tears. All her illness and treatment struck her as 



158 LEO TOLSTOY 

a thing so stupid, ludicrous even ! Doctoring her seemed to 
her as absurd as putting together the pieces of a broken vase. 
Her heart was broken. Why would they try to cure her with 
pills and powders? But she could not grieve her mother, 
especially as her mother considered herself to blame. 

"May I trouble you to sit down, princess?' the celebrated 
doctor said to her. 

He sat down with a smile, facing her, felt her pulse, and 
again began asking her tiresome questions. She answered 
him, and all at once got up furious. 

'Excuse me, doctor, but there is really no object in this. 
This is the third time you've asked me the same thing.' 

The celebrated doctor did not take offence. 

'Nervous irritability,' he said to the princess, w-hen Kitty 
had left the room. 'However, I had finished. . . .' 

And the doctor began scientifically explaining to the 
princess, as an exceptionally intelligent woman, the condition 
of the young princess, and concluded by insisting on the 
drinking of the waters, which were certainly harmless. At 
the question: Should they go abroad? the doctor plunged 
into deep meditation, as though resolving a weighty prob- 
lem. Finally his decision was pronounced : they were to go 
abroad, but to put no faith in foreign quacks, and to apply to 
him in any need. 

It seemed as though some piece of good fortune had come 
to pass after the doctor had gone. The mother was much 
more cheerful when she went back to her daughter, and 
Kitty pretended to be more cheerful. She had often, almost 
always, to be pretending now. 

'Really, I'm quite well. mama. But if you want to go 
abroad, let's go !' she said, and trying to appear interested in 
the proposed tour, she began talking of the preparations for 
the journey. 



CHAPTER II 

SOON after the doctor, Dolly had arrived. She knew 
that there was to be a consultation that day, and 
though she was only just up after her confinement 
(she had another baby, a little girl, born at the end of 
the winter), though she had trouble and anxiety enough 
of her own, she had left her tiny baby and a sick child, to 
come and hear Kitty's fate, which was to be decided that 
day. 

'Well, well?' she said, coming into the drawing-room, 
without taking off her hat. 'You're all in good spirits. Good 
news, then?' 

They tried to tell her what the doctor had said, but it 
appeared that though the doctor had talked distinctly enough 
and at great length, it was utterly impossible to report what 
he had said. The only point of interest was that it was set- 
tled they should go abroad. 

Dolly could not help sighing. Her dearest friend, her 
sister, was going away. And her life was not a cheerful 
one. Her relations with Stepan Arkadyevitch after their 
reconciliation had become humiliating. The union Anna 
had cemented turned out to be of no solid character, and 
family harmony was breaking down again at the same point. 
There had been nothing definite, but Stepan Arkadyevitch 
was hardly ever at home ; money, too, was hardly ever 
forthcoming, and Dolly was continually tortured by suspi- 
cions of infidelity, which she tried to dismiss, dreading the 
agonies of jealousy she had been through already. The first 
onslaught of jealousy, once lived through, could never come 
back again, and even the discovery of infidelities could never 
now affect her as it had the first time. Such a discovery 
now would only mean breaking up family habits, and she let 
herself be deceived, despising him and still more herself for 
the weakness. Besides this, the care of her large family was 
a constant worry to her : first, the nursing of her young 

159 



160 LEO TOLSTOY 

baby did not go well ; then the nurse had gone away, now 
one of the children had fallen ill. 

'Well, how are all of you ?' asked her mother. 

'Ah, mamma, we have plenty of troubles of our own. Lili 
is ill, and I'm afraid it's scarlatina. I have come here now 
to hear about Kitty, and then I shall shut myself up entirely, 
if — God forbid — it should be scarlatina.' 

The old prince too had come in from his study after the 
doctor's departure, and after presenting his cheek to Dolly, 
and saying a few words to her, he turned to his wife — 

'How have you settled it? you're going? Well, and what 
do you mean to do with me ?' 

'I suppose you had better stay here, Alexandre,' said his 
wife. 

'That's as you like.' 

'Mamma, why shouldn't father come with us?' said Kitty. 
'It'll be nicer for him and for us too.' 

The old prince got up and stroked Kitty's hair. She 
lifted her head and looked at him with a forced smile. It 
always seemed to her that he understood her better than 
any one in the family, though he did not say much about 
her. Being the youngest, she was her father's favourite, 
and she fancied that his love gave him insight. When now 
her glance met his blue kindly eyes looking intently at her. 
it seemed to her that he saw right through her, and under- 
stood all that was not good that was passing within her. 
Reddening, she stretched out towards him expecting a kiss, 
but he only patted her hair and said — 

'These stupid chignons ! There's no getting at the real 
daughter, one simply strokes the bristles of dead women. 
Well, Dolinka,' he turned to his elder daughter, 'what's your 
young buck about, hey?' 

'Nothing, father,' answered Dolly, understanding that her 
husband was meant. 'He's always out ; I scarcely ever see 
him,' she could not resist adding with a sarcastic smile. 

'Why, hasn't he gone into the country yet — to see about 
selling that forest ?' 

'No, he's still getting ready for the journey.' 

'Oh, that's it!' said the prince. 'And so am I to be get- 
ting ready for a journey too? At your service,' he said to 



ANNA KARENIN 161 

his wife, sitting down. 'And I tell you what, Katia,' he 
went on to his younger daughter, 'you must wake up one 
fine day and say to yourself : Why, I'm quite well, and 
merry, and going out again with father for an early morning 
walk in the frost. Hey?' 

What her father said seemed simple enough, yet at these 
words Kitty became confused and overcome like a detected 
criminal. 'Yes, he sees it all, he understands it all, and in 
these words he's telling me that though I'm ashamed, I 
must get over my shame.' She could not pluck up spirit 
to make any answer. She tried to begin, and all at once 
burst into tears, and rushed out of the room. 

"See what comes of your jokes !' the princess pounced 
down on her husband. 'You're always . . .' she began a 
string of reproaches. 

The prince listened to the princess's scolding rather a 
long while without speaking, but his face was more and 
more frowning. 

'She's so much to be pitied, poor child, so much to be 
pitied, and you don't feel how it hurts her to hear the 
slightest reference to the cause of it. Ah ! to be so mistaken 
in people !' said the princess, and by the change in her tone 
both Dolly and the prince knew she was speaking of 
Vronsky. 'I don't know why there aren't laws against such 
base, dishonourable people.' 

'Ah, I can't bear to hear you !' said the prince gloomily, 
getting up from his low chair, and seeming anxious to get 
away, yet stopping in the doorway. 'There are laws, 
madam, and since you've challenged me to it, I'll tell you 
who's to blame for it all : you and you, you and nobody else. 
Laws against such young gallants there have always been, 
and there still are ! Yes, if there has been nothing that 
ought not to have been, old as I am, I'd have called him out 
to the barrier, the young dandy. Yes, and now you physic 
her and call in these quacks.' 

The prince apparently had plenty more to say, but soon 
as the princess heard this tone she subsided at once, and 
became penitent, as she always did on serious occasions. 

'Alexandre, Alexandre,' she whispered, moving to him and 
beginning to weep. 



162 LEO TOLSTOY 

As soon as she began to cry the prince too calmed down. 
He went up to her. 

"There, that's enough, that's enough ! You're wretched 
too, I know. It can't be helped. There's no great harm 
done. God is merciful . . . thanks .... he said, not know- 
ing what he was saying, as he responded to the tearful kiss 
of the princess that he felt on his hand. And the prince 
went out of the room. 

Before this, as soon as Kitty went out of the room in tears, 
Dolly, with her motherly, family instincts, had promptly per- 
ceived that here a woman's work lay before her, and she 
prepared to do it. She took off her hat, and, morally speak- 
ing, tucked up her sleeves and prepared for action. While 
her mother was attacking her father, she tried to restrain 
her mother, so far as filial reverence would allow. During 
the prince's outburst she was silent; she felt ashamed for her 
mother, and tender towards her father for so quickly being 
kind again. But when her father left them she made ready 
for what was the chief thing needful — to go to Kitty and 
console her. 

'I'd been meaning to tell you something for a long while, 
mamma : did you know that Levin meant to make Kitty an 
offer when he was here the last time? He told Stiva so.' 

'Well, what then? I don't understand. . . .' 

'So did Kitty perhaps refuse him? . . . She didn't tell 
you so?' 

'No, she has said nothing to me either of one or the 
other; she's too proud. But I know it's all on account of 
the other.' 

'Yes, but suppose she has refused Levin, and she wouldn't 
have refused him if it hadn't been for the other, I know. 
And then, he has deceived her so horribly.' 

It was too terrible for the princess to think how she had 
sinned against her daughter, and she broke out angrily. 

'Oh, I really don't understand ! Nowadays they will all go 
their own way, and mothers haven't a word to say in any- 
thing, and then . . .' 

'Mamma, I'll go up to her.' 

'Well, do. Did I tell you not to?' said her mother. 



CHAPTER III 

WHEN she went into Kitty's little room, a pretty, 
pink little room, full of knick-knacks in vieux 
saxe, as fresh, and pink, and white, and gay as 
Kitty herself had been two months ago, Dolly remembered 
how they had decorated the room the year before together, 
with what love and gaiety. Her heart turned cold when 
she saw Kitty sitting on a low chair near the door, her eyes 
fixed immovably on a corner of the rug. Kitty glanced at 
her sister, and the cold, rather ill-tempered, expression of 
her face did not change. 

'I'm just going now, and I shall have to keep in and you 
won't be able to come to see me,' said Dolly, sitting down 
beside her. "I want to talk to you.' 

'What about?' Kitty asked swiftly, lifting her head in 
dismay. 

'What should it be, but your trouble?' 

'I have no trouble.' 

'Nonsense, Kitty. Do you suppose I could help knowing? 
I know all about it. And believe me, it's of so little con- 
sequence. . . . We've all been through it.' 

Kitty did not speak, and her face had a stern expression. 

'He's not worth your grieving over him,' pursued Darya 
Alexandrovna, coming straight to the point. 

'No, because he has treated me with contempt,' said 
Kitty, in a breaking voice. 'Don't talk of it ! Please, don't 
talk of it !' 

'But who can have told you so? No one has said that. 
I'm certain he was in love with you, and would still be in 
love with you, if it hadn't . . .' 

'Oh, the most awful thing of all for me is this sym- 
pathising !' shrieked Kitty, suddenly flying into a passion. 
She turned round on her chair, flushed crimson, and rapidly 
moving her fingers, pinched the clasp of her belt first with 
one hand and then with the other. Dolly knew this trick 

163 



164 LEO TOLSTOY 

her sister had of clenching her hands when she was much 
excited; she knew, too, that in moments of excitement Kitty 
was capable of forgetting herself and saying a great deal 
too much, and Dolly would have soothed her, but it was too 
late. 

'What, what is it you want to make me feel, eh?' said 
Kitty quickly. 'That I've been in love with a man who didn't 
care a straw for me, and that I'm dying of love for him? 
And this is said to me by my own sister, who imagines 
that . . . that . . . that she's sympathising with me ! . . . I 
don't want these condolences and humbug !' 

'Kitty, you're unjust.' 

'Why are you tormenting me?' 

'But I . . . quite the contrary ... I see you're un- 
happy. . . .' 

But Kitty in her fury did not hear her. 

'I've nothing to grieve over and be comforted about. I 
am too proud ever to allow myself to care for a man who 
does not love me.' 

'Yes, I don't say so either. . . . Only one thing. Tell me 
the truth,' said Darya Alexandrovna, taking her by the 
hand: 'tell me, did Levin speak to you? . . .' 

The mention of Levin's name seemed to deprive Kitty of 
the last vestige of self-control. She leaped up from her 
chair, and flinging her clasp on the ground, she gesticulated 
rapidly with her hands and said — 

'Why bring Levin in too? I can't understand what you 
want to torment me for. I've told you, and I say it again, 
that I have some pride, and never, nez'er would I do as you're 
doing — go back to a man who's deceived you, who has cared 
for another woman. I can't understand it ! You may, but 
I can't !' 

And saying these words she glanced at her sister, and see- 
ing that Dolly sat silent, her head mournfully bowed, Kitty, 
mstead of running out of the room, as she had meant to do, 
sat down near the door, and hid her face in her handkerchief. 

The silence lasted for two minutes : Dolly was thinking of 
herself. That humiliation of which she was always conscious 
came back to her with a peculiar bitterness when her sister 
reminded her of it. She had not looked for such cruelty in 



ANNA KARENIN 165 

her sister, and she was angry with her. But suddenly she 
heard the rustle of a skirt, and with it the sound of heart- 
rending, smothered sobbing, and felt arms about her neck. 
Kitty was on her knees before her. 

'Dolinka, I am so, so wretched !' she whispered penitently. 
And the sweet face covered with tears hid itself in Darya 
Alexandrovna's skirt. 

As though tears were the indispensable oil, without which 
the machinery of mutual confidence could not run smoothly 
between the two sisters, the sisters after their tears talked, 
not of what was uppermost in their minds, but, though they 
talked of outside matters, they understood each other. Kitty 
knew that the word she had uttered in anger about her 
husband's infidelity and her humiliating position, had cut 
her poor sister to the heart, but that she had forgiven her. 
Dolly for her part knew all she had wanted to find out. She 
felt certain that her surmises were correct; that Kitty's 
misery, her inconsolable misery, was due precisely to the fact 
that Levin had made her an offer and she had refused him, 
and Vronsky had deceived her, and that she was fully pre- 
pared to love Levin and to detest Vronsky. Kitty said not 
a word of that; she talked of nothing but her spiritual 
condition. 

'I have nothing to make me miserable,' she said, getting 
calmer ; "but can you understand that everything has become 
hateful, loathsome, coarse to me, and I myself most of all? 
You can't imagine what loathsome thoughts I have about 
everything.' 

'Why, whatever loathsome thoughts can you have?' asked 
Dolly, smiling. 

"The most utterly loathsome and coarse; I can't tell you. 
It's not unhappiness, or low spirits, but much worse. As 
though everything that was good in me was all hidden away, 
and nothing was left but the most loathsome. Come, how 
am I to tell you?' she went on, seeing the puzzled look in 
her sister's eyes. 'Father began saying something to me just 
now. ... It seems to me he thinks all I want is to be mar- 
ried. Mother takes me to a ball: it seems to me she only 
takes me to get me married off as soon as may be, and be 
rid of me. I know it's not the truth, but I can't drive away 



166 LEO TOLSTOY 

such thoughts. Eligible suitors, as they call them — I can't 
bear to see them. It seems to me they're taking stock of me 
and summing me up. In old days to go anywhere in a ball- 
dress was a simple joy to me, I admired myself; now I feel 
ashamed and awkward. And then ! The doctor. . . . 
Then . . .' Kitty hesitated ; she wanted to say further that 
ever since this change had taken place in her, Stepan 
Arkadyevitch had become insufferably repulsive to her, and 
that she could not see him without the grossest and most hid- 
eous conceptions rising before her imagination. 

'Oh well, everything presents itself to me in the coarsest, 
most loathsome light,' she went on. 'That's my illness. Per- 
haps it will pass off.' 

'But you mustn't think about it.' 

T can't help it. I'm never happy except with the children 
at your house.' 

'What a pity you can't be with me !' 

'Oh yes, I'm coming. I've had scarlatina, and I'll per- 
suade mamma to let me.' 

Kitty insisted on having her way, and went to stay at her 
sister's, and nursed the children all through the scarlatina, 
for scarlatina it turned out to be. The two sisters brought 
all the six children successfully through it, but Kitty was 
no better in health, and in Lent the Shtcherbatskys went 
abroad. 



CHAPTER IV 

THE highest Petersburg society is essentially one : in it 
every one knows every one else, every one even visits 
every one else. But this great set has its subdivisions. 
Anna Arkadyevna Karenin had friends and close ties in 
three different circles of this highest society. One circle was 
her husband's government, official set, consisting of his col- 
leagues and subordinates, brought together in the most 
various and capricious manner, and belonging to different 
social strata. Anna found it difficult now to recall the feeling 
of almost awe-stricken reverence which she had at first 
entertained for these persons. Now she knew all of them as 
people know one another in a country town; she knew their 
habits and weaknesses, and where the shoe pinched each one 
of them. She knew their relations with one another and 
with the head authorities, knew who was for whom, and 
how each one maintained his position, and where they agreed 
and disagreed. But that circle of political, masculine inter- 
ests had never interested her, in spite of Countess Lidia 
Ivanovna's influence, and she avoided it. 

Another little set with which Anna was in close relations 
was the one by means of \vhich Alexey Alexandrovitch had 
made his career. The centre of this circle was the Countess 
Lidia Ivanovna. It was a set made up of elderly, ugly, 
benevolent, and godly women, and clever, learned, and 
ambitious men. One of the clever people belonging to the 
set had called it 'the conscience of Petersburg society.' 
Alexey Alexandrovitch had the highest esteem for this cir- 
cle ; and Anna, with her special gift for getting on with 
every one, had in the early days of her life in Petersburg 
made friends in this circle also. Now, since her return from 
Moscow, she had come to feel this set insufferable. It 
seemed to her that both she and all of them were insincere, 
and she felt so bored and ill at ease in that world that she 
went to see the Countess Lidia Ivanovna as little as possible. 

167 



168 LEO TOLSTOY 

The third circle with which Anna had ties was pre-emi- 
nently the fashionable world — the world of balls, of dinners, 
of sumptuous dresses, the world that hung on to the court 
with one hand, so as to avoid sinking to the level of the 
demi-monde. For the demi-monde the members of that fash- 
ionable world believed that they despised, though their 
tastes were not merely similar, but in fact identical. Her 
connection with this circle was kept up through Princess 
Betsy Tverskoy, her cousin's wife, who had an income of 
a hundred and twenty thousand roubles, and who had taken 
a great fancy to Anna ever since she first came out, showed 
her much attention, and drew her into her set, making fun 
of Countess Lidia Ivanovna's coterie. 

'When I'm old and ugly I'll be the same,' Betsy used to say; 
'but for a pretty young woman like you it's early days for 
that house of charity.' 

Anna had at first avoided as far as she could Princess 
Tverskoy's world, because it necessitated an expenditure 
beyond her means, and besides in her heart she preferred 
the first circle. But since her visit to Moscow she had 
done quite the contrary. She avoided her serious-minded 
friends, and went out into the fashionable world. There 
she met Vronsky, and experienced an agitating joy at those 
meetings. She met Vronsky specially often at Betsy's, for 
Betsy was a Vronsky by birth and his cousin. Vronsky was 
everywhere where he had any chance of meeting Anna, and 
speaking to her, when he could, of his love. She gave him 
no encouragement, but every time she met him there surged 
up in her heart that same feeling of quickened life that had 
come upon her that day in the railway carriage when she saw 
him for the first time. She was conscious herself that her 
delight sparkled in her eyes and curved her lips into a smile, 
and she could not quench the expression of this delight. 

At first Anna sincerely believed that she was displeased 
with him for daring to pursue her. Soon after her return 
from Moscow, on arriving at a soiree where she had expected 
to meet him. and not finding him there, she realised distinctly 
from the rush of disappointment that she had been deceiving 
herself, and that this pursuit was not merely not distasteful 
to her, but that it made the whole interest of her life. 



1 



ANNA KARENIN 169 

The celebrated singer was singing for the second time, and 
all the fashionable world was in the theatre. Vronsky, see- 
ing his cousin from his stall in the front row, did not wait 
till the eut/actc, but went to her box. 

'Why didn't you come to dinner?' she said to him. 'I 
marvel at the second-sight of lovers,' she added with a smile, 
so that no one but he could hear; 'she wasn't there. But 
come after the opera.' 

Vronsky looked inquiringly at her. She nodded. He 
thanked her by a smile, and sat down beside her. 

"But how I remember your jeers !' continued Princess 
Betsy, who took a peculiar pleasure in following up this 
passion to a successful issue. "What's become of all that? 
You're caught, my dear boy.' 

'That's my one desire, to be caught,' answered Vronsky, 
with his serene, good-humoured smile. 'If I complain of any- 
thing it's only that I'm not caught enough, to tell the truth. 
I begin to lose hope.' 

'Why, whatever hope can you have?' said Betsy, offended 
on behalf of her friend. 'Entcndons nous. . . .' But in her 
eyes there were gleams of light that betrayed that she 
understood perfectly and precisely as he did what hope he 
might have. 

"None whatever,' said Vronsky, laughing and showing 
his even rows of teeth. 'Excuse me,' he added, taking an 
opera-glass out of her hand, and proceeding to scrutinise, 
over her bare shoulder, the row of boxes facing them. 'I'm 
afraid I'm becoming ridiculous.' 

He was very well aware that 'he ran no risk of being 
ridiculous in the eyes of Betsy or any other fashionable 
people. He was very well aware that in their eyes the posi- 
tion of an unsuccessful lover of a girl, or of any woman free 
to marry, might be ridiculous. But the position of a man pur- 
suing a married woman, and, regardless of everything, stak- 
ing his life on drawing her into adultery, has something fine 
and grand about it, and can never be ridiculous ; and so it 
was with a proud and gay smile under his moustaches that 
he lowered the opera-glass and looked at his cousin. 

'But why was it you didn't come to dinner?' she said, 
admiring him. 

P-7 



170 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I must tell you about that. I was busily employed, and 
doing what, do you suppose? I'll give you a hundred guesses, 
a thousand . . . you'd never guess. I've been reconciling a 
husband with a man who'd insulted his wife. Yes, really!' 

'Well, did you succeed?' 

'Almost.' 

'You really must tell me about it,' she said, getting up. 
'Come to me in the next entr'acte' 

'I can't; I'm going to the French theatre.' 

'From Nilsson?' Betsy queried in horror, though she could 
not herself have distinguished Nilsson's voice from any 
chorus girl's. 

'Can't help it. I've an appointment there, all to do with 
my mission of peace.' 

'"Blessed are the peacemakers; theirs is the kingdom of 
heaven," ' said Betsy, vaguely recollecting she had heard some 
similar saying from some one. "Very well, then, sit down, 
and tell me what it's all about.' 

And she sat down again. 



CHAPTER V 

I^HIS is rather indiscreet, but it's so good, it's an awful 
temptation to tell the story,' said Vronsky, looking at 
- her with his laughing eyes. 'I'm not going to men- 
tion any names.' 

"But I shall guess, so much the better.' 

'Well, listen : two festive young men were driving ' 

'Officers of your regiment, of course?' 

'I didn't say they were officers, — two young men who had 
been lunching.' 

"In other words, drinking.' 

'Possibly. They were driving on their way to dinner with 
a friend in the most festive state of mind. And they beheld 
a pretty woman in a hired sledge; she overtakes them, looks 
round at them, and, so they fancy anyway, nods to them and 
laughs. They, of course, follow her. They gallop at full 
speed. To their amazement, the fair one alights at the en- 
trance of the very house to which they were going. The 
fair one darts upstairs to the top story. They get a glimpse 
of red lips under a short veil, and exquisite little feet.' 

'You describe it with such feeling that I fancy you must 
be one of the two.' 

"And after what you said, just now ! Well, the young men 
go in to their comrade's ; he was giving a farewell dinner. 
There they certainly did drink a little too much, as one 
always does at farewell dinners. And at dinner they inquire 
who lives at the top in that house. No one knows ; only their 
host's valet, in answer to their inquiry whether any "young 
ladies" are living on the top floor, answered that there were 
a great many of them about there. After dinner the two 
young men go into their host's study, and write a letter to 
the unknown fair one. They compose an ardent epistle, a 
declaration in fact, and they carry the letter upstairs them- 
selves, so as to elucidate whatever might appear not per- 
fectly intelligible in the letter.' 

"Why are you telling me these horrible stories? Well?' 

171 



172 LEO TOLSTOY 

They ring. A maid-servant opens the door, they hand her 
the letter, and assure the maid that they're both so in love 
that they'll die on the spot at the door. The maid, stupefied, 
carries in their messages. All at once a gentleman appears 
with whiskers like sausages, as red as a lobster, announces 
that there is no one living in that flat except his wife, and 
sends them both about their business.' 

"How do you know he had whiskers like sausages, as you 
say?' 

'Ah, you shall hear. I've just been to make peace between 
them.' 

"Well, and what then ?' 

'That's the most interesting part of the story. It appears 
that it's a happy couple, a government clerk and his lady. 
The government clerk lodges a complaint, and I became a 
mediator, such a mediator ! . . , I assure you Talleyrand 
couldn't hold a candle to me.' 

'Why, where was the difficulty?' 

'Ah, you shall hear. . , . We apologise in due form: we 
are in despair, we entreat forgiveness for the unfortunate 
misunderstanding. The government clerk with the sausages 
begins to melt, but he, too, desires to express his sentiments, 
and as soon as ever he begins to express them, he begins to 
get hot and say nasty things, and again I'm obliged to trot out 
all my diplomatic talents. I allowed that their conduct was 
bad, but I urged him to take into consideration their heed- 
lessness, their youth ; then, too, the young men had only 
just been lunching together. "You understand. They regret 
it deeply, and beg you to overlook their misbehaviour." The 
government clerk was softened once more. "I consent, count, 
and am ready to overlook it; but you perceive that my wife 
— my wife's a respectable woman — has been exposed to the 
persecution, and insults, and effrontery of young upstarts, 
scoundrels . . ." And you must understand, the young 
upstarts are present all the while, and I have to keep the 
peace between them. Again I call out all my diplomacy, and 
again as soon as the thing was about at an end, our friend 
the government clerk gets hot and red, and his sausages 
stand on end with wrath, and once more I launch out into 
diplomatic wiles.' 



ANNA KARENIN 173 

'Ah, he must tell you this story !' said Betsy, laughing, to 
a lady who came into her box. He has been making me 
laugh so.' 

'Well, bo)inc chance!' she added, giving Vronsky one finger 
of the hand in which she held her fan, and with a shrug of 
her shoulders she twitched down the bodice of her gown 
that had worked up, so as to be duly naked as she moved 
forward towards the footlights into the light of the gas, and 
the sight of all eyes. 

Vronsky drove to the French theatre, where he really had 
to see the colonel of his regiment, who never missed a single 
performance there. He wanted to see him, to report on the 
result of his mediation, which had occupied and amused him 
for the last three days, Petritsky, whom he liked, was im- 
plicated in the affair, and the other culprit was a capital 
fellow and first-rate comrade, who had lately joined the regi- 
ment, the young Prince Kedrov. And what was most im- 
portant, the interests of the regiment were involved in it 
too. 

Both the young men were in Vronsky's company. The 
colonel of the regiment was waited upon by the government 
clerk, Venden, with a complaint against his officers, who had 
insulted his wife. His young wife, so Venden told the story 
— he had been married half a year — was at church with her 
mother, and suddenly overcome by indisposition, arising from 
her interesting condition, she could not remain standing, she 
drove home in the first sledge, a smart-looking one, she came 
across. On the spot the officers set off in pursuit of her; she 
was alarmed, and feeling still more unwell, ran up the stair- 
case home. Venden himself, on returning from his office, 
heard a ring at their bell and voices, went out, and seeing 
the intoxicated officers with a letter, he had turned them out. 
He asked for exemplary punishment. 

'Yes, it's all very well,' said the colonel to Vronsky, whom 
he had invited to come and see him. "Petritsky's becoming 
impossible. Not a week goes by without some scandal. This 
government clerk won't let it drop, he'll go on with the 
thing.' 

Vronsky saw all the thanklessness of the business, and that 
there could be no question of a duel in it, that everything 



174 LEO TOLSTOY 

must be done to soften the government clerk, and hush the 
matter up. The colonel had called in Vronsky just because 
he knew him to be an honourable and intelligent man, and, 
more than all, a man who cared for the honour of the regi- 
ment. They talked it over, and decided that Petritsky and 
Kedrov must go with Vronsky to Venden's to apologise. The 
colonel and Vronsky were both fully aware that Vronsky's 
name and rank would be sure to contribute greatly to the 
softening of the injured husband's feelings. 

And these two influences were not in fact without effect; 
though the result remained, as Vronsky had described, 
uncertain. 

On reaching the French theatre, Vronsky retired to the 
foyer with the colonel, and reported to him his success, or 
non-success. The colonel, thinking it all over, made up his 
mind not to pursue the matter further, but then for his own 
satisfaction proceeded to cross-examine Vronsky about his 
interview; and it was a long while before he could restrain 
his laughter, as Vronsky described how the government 
clerk, after subsiding for a while, would suddenly flare up 
again, as he recalled the details, and how Vronsky, at the 
last half word of conciliation skilfully manoeuvred a retreat, 
shoving Petritsky out before him. 

'It's a disgraceful story, but killing. Kedrov really can't 
fight the gentleman ! Was he so awfully hot?' he commented, 
laughing. "But what do you say to Claire to-day? She's 
marvellous,' he went on, speaking of a new French actress. 
'However often you see her, every day she's different. It's 
only the French who can do that.' 



CHAPTER VI 

PRINCESS BETSY drove home from the theatre, 
without waiting for the end of the last act. She had 
only just time to go into her dressing-room, sprinkle 
her long, pale face with powder, rub it, set her dress to 
rights, and order tea in the big drawing-room, when one 
after another the carriages drove up to her huge house in 
Bolshaia Morskaia. Her guests stepped out at the wide 
entrance, and the stout porter, who used to read the news- 
papers in the mornings behind the glass door, to the edifica- 
tion of the passers-by, noiselessly opened the immense door, 
letting the visitors pass by him into the house. 

Almost at the same instant the hostess, with freshly ar- 
ranged coiffure and freshened face, walked in at one door 
and her guests at the other door of the drawing-room, a 
large room with dark walls, downy rugs, and a brightly 
lighted table, gleaming with the light of candles, white cloth, 
silver samovar, and transparent china tea-things. 

The hostess sat down at the table and took off her gloves. 
Chairs were set with the aid of footmen, moving almost 
imperceptibly about the room ; the party settled itself, divided 
into two groups : one round the samovar near the hostess, the 
other at the opposite end of the drawing-room, round the 
handsome wife of an ambassador, in black velvet, with 
sharply defined black eyebrows. In both groups conversation 
wavered, as it always does, for the first few minutes, broken 
up by meetings, greetings, offers of tea, and as it were feel- 
ing about for something to rest upon. 

'She's exceptionally good as an actress; one can see she's 
studied Kaulbach,' said a diplomatic attache in the group 
round the ambassador's wife. 'Did you notice how she fell 
down? . . .' 

'Oh, please don't let us talk about Nilsson ! No one can 
possibly say anything new about her,' said a fat, red-faced, 
flaxen-headed lady, without eyebrows and chignon, wearing 

175 



176 LEO TOLSTOY 

an old silk dress. This was Princess Myaky, noted for her 
simplicity and the roughness of her manners, and nicknamed 
enfant terrible. Princess Myaky, sitting in the middle be- 
tween the two groups, and listening to both, took part in the 
conversation first of one and then of the other. 'Three 
people have used that very phrase about Kaulbach to me 
to-day already, just as though they had made a compact 
about it. And I can't see why they liked that remark so.' 

The conversation was cut short by this observation, and a 
new subject had to be thought of again. 

'Do tell me something amusing but not spiteful,' said the 
ambassador's wife, a great proficient in the art of that elegant 
conversation called by the English small-talk. She addressed 
the attache, who was at a loss now what to begin upon. 

'They say that that's a difficult task, that nothing's amus- 
ing that isn't spiteful,' he began with a smile. 'But I'll try. 
Get me a subject. It all lies in the subject. If a subject's 
given me, it's easy to spin something round it. I often think 
that the celebrated talkers of last century would have found 
it difficult to talk cleverly now. Everything clever is so 
stale . . .' 

That has been said long ago,' the ambassador's wife inter- 
rupted him, laughing. 

The conversation began amiably, but just because it was 
too amiable it came to a stop again. They had to have re- 
course to the sure, never-failing topic — gossip. 

'Don't you think there's something Louis Quinze about 
Tushkevitch?' he said, glancing towards a handsome, fair- 
haired young man, standing at the table. 

'Oh yes ! He's in the same style as the drawing-room, 
and that's why it is he's so often here.' 

This conversation was maintained, since it rested on allu- 
sions to what could not be talked of in that room — that is to 
say, of the relations of Tushkevitch with their hostess. 

Round the samovar and the hostess the conversation had 
been meanwhile vacillating in just the same way between 
three inevitable topics: the latest piece of public news, the 
theatre, and scandal. It, too. came finally to rest on the last 
topic, that is, ill-natured gossip. 

'Have you heard the Maltishtchev woman — the mother. 



ANNA KAREXIN 177 

not the daughter — has ordered a costume in diablc rose 
colour?" 

'Nonsense ! No, that's too lovely !' 

'I wonder that with her sense — for she's not a fool, you 
know — that she doesn't see how funny she is.' 

Every one had something to say in censure or ridicule of 
the luckless Madame Maltishtchev, and the conversation 
crackled merrily, like a burning fagot-stack. 

The husband of Princess Betsy, a good-natured fat man, an 
ardent collector of engravings, hearing that his wife had 
visitors, came into the drawing-room before going to his 
club. .Stepping noiselessly over the thick rugs, he went up 
to Princess Myaky. 

'How did you like Nilsson?' he asked. 

'Oh, how can you steal upon any one like that ! How you 
startled me !' she responded. 'Please don't talk to me about 
the opera ; you know nothing about music, I'd better meet 
you on your own ground, and talk about your majolica and 
engravings. Come now. what treasure have you been buying 
lately at the old curiosity shops?' 

'Would you like me to show you ? But you don't under- 
stand such things.' 

'Oh, do show me ! I've been learning about them at those 
— what's their names? . . . the bankers . . . they've some 
splendid engravings. They showed them to us.' 

"Why. have you been at the Schiitzburgs?' asked the 
hostess from the samovar. 

'Yes, ma chcrc. They asked my husband and me to dinner, 
and told us the sauce at that dinner cost a hundred pounds,' 
Princess Myaky said, speaking loudly, and conscious every 
one was listening; 'and very nasty sauce it was, some green 
mess. We had to ask them, and I made them sauce for 
eighteenpence, and everybody was very much pleased with 
it. I can't run to hundred-pound sauces.' 

'She's unique !' said the lady of the house. 

'Marvellous !' said some one. 

The sensation produced by Princess Myaky's speeches was 
always unique, and the secret of the sensation she produced 
lay in the fact that though she spoke not always appropri- 
ately, as now, she said simple things with some sense in them. 



178 LEO TOLSTOY 

In the society in which she lived such plain statements pro- 
duced the effect of the wittiest epigram. Princess Myaky 
could never see why it had that effect, but she knew it had, 
and took advantage of it. 

As every one had been listening while Princess Myaky 
spoke, and so the conversation around the ambassador's wife 
had dropped, Princess Betsy tried to bring the whole party 
together, and she turned to the ambassador's wife. 

'Will you really not have tea? You should come over 
here by us.' 

"No, we're very happy here,' the ambassador's wife re- 
sponded with a smile, and she went on with the conversation 
that had been begun. 

It was a very agreeable conversation. They were criti- 
cising the Karenins, husband and wife. 

'Anna is quite changed since her stay in Moscow. There's 
something strange about her,' said her friend. 

'The great change is that she brought back with her 
the shadow of Alexey Vronsky,' said the ambassador's 
wife. 

'Well, what of it? There's a fable of Grimm's about a 
man without a shadow, a man who's lost his shadow. And 
that's his punishment for something. I never could under- 
stand how it was a punishment. But a woman must dislike 
being without a shadow,' 

'Yes, but women with a shadow usually come to a bad end,' 
said Anna's friend. 

'Bad luck to your tongue 1' said Princess Myaky suddenly. 
'Madame Karenin's a splendid woman. I don't like her 
husband, but I like her very much.' 

"Why don't you like her husband? He's such a remarkable 
man,' said the ambassador's wife. 'My husband says there 
are few statesmen like him in Europe.' 

'And my husband tells me just the same, but I don't believe 
it,' said Princess Myaky. Tf our husbands didn't talk to us, 
we should see the facts as they are. Alexey Alexandrovitch, 
to my thinking, is simply a fool. I say it in a whisper . . . 
but doesn't it really make everything clear? Before, w'hen I 
was told to consider him clever, I kept looking for his ability, 
and thought myself a fool for not seeing it; but directly I 



ANNA KAREXIN 179 

said, he's a fool, though only in a whisper, everj'thing's ex- 
plained, isn't it?' 

'How spiteful you are to-day !' 

'Not a bit. I'd no other way out of it. One of the two 
had to be a fool. And, well, you know one can't say that of 
oneself.' 

' "No one is satisfied with his fortune, and every one is 
satisfied with his wit." ' The attache repeated the French 
saying. 

'That's just it. just it,' Princess Myaky turned to him. 
'But the point is that I won't abandon Anna to your 
mercies. She's so nice, so charming. How can she help it 
if they're all in love with her, and follow her about like 
shadows ?' 

'Oh, I had no idea of blaming her for it,' Anna's friend 
said in self-defence. 

'If no one follows us about like a shadow, that's no proof 
that we've any right to blame her.' 

And having duly disposed of Anna's friend, the princess 
Myaky got up, and together with the ambassador's wife, 
joined the group at the table, where the conversation was 
dealing with the king of Prussia. 

'What wicked gossip were you talking over there?' asked 
Betsy. 

'About the Karenins. The princess gave us a sketch of 
Alexey Alexandrovitch,' said the ambassador's wife with a 
smile, as she sat down at the table. 

'Pity we didn't hear it !' said Princess Betsy, glancing 
towards the door. 'Ah, here you are at last !' she said, turn- 
ing with a smile to Vronsky, as he came in. 

Vronsky was not merely acquainted with all the persons 
whom he was meeting here ; he saw them all every day ; 
and so he came in with the quiet manner with which one 
enters a room full of people from whom one has only just 
parted. 

'Where do I come from?' he said, in answer to a question 
from the ambassador's wife. '^Well, there's no help for it, 
I must confess. From the opera honffe. I do believe I've 
seen it a hundred times, and always with fresh enjoyment. 
It's exquisite ! I know it's disgraceful, but I go to sleep at 



180 LEO TOLSTOY 

the opera, and I sit out the opera hoiiffc to the last minute, 
and enjoy it. This evening . . .' 

• He mentioned a French actress, and was going to tell 
something about her; but the ambassador's wife, with playful 
horror, cut him short. 

'Please don't tell us about that horror.' 

'All right, I won't, especially as every one knows those 
horrors.' 

'And we should all go to see them if it were accepted as 
the correct thing, like the opera,' chimed in Princess Myaky. 



CHAPTER VII 

STEPS were heard at the door, and Princess Betsy, 
knowing it was Madame Karenin, glanced at Vronsky. 
He was looking towards the door, and his face wore 
a strange, new expression. Joyfully, intently, and at the 
same time timidly, he gazed at the approaching figure, and 
slowly he rose to his feet. Anna walked into the drawing- 
room. Holding herself extremely erect, as always, looking 
straight before her, and moving with her swift, resolute, and 
light step, that distinguished her from all other society 
women, she crossed the short space to her hostess, shook 
hands with her, smiled, and with the same smile looked 
round at Vronsky. Vronsky bowed low and pushed a chair 
up for her. 

She acknowledged this only by a slight nod, flushed a little, 
and frowned. But immediately, while rapidly greeting her 
acquaintances, and shaking the hands proffered to her, she 
addressed Princess Betsy — 

'I have been at Countess Lidia's. and meant to have come 
here earlier, but I stayed on. Sir John was there. He's very 
interesting.' 

'Oh, that's this missionary?' 

'Yes; he told us about the life in India, most interesting 
things.' 

The conversation, interrupted by her coming in, flickered 
up again like the light of a lamp being blown out. 

'Sir John ! Yes, Sir John ; I've seen him. He speaks well. 
The Vlassiev girl's quite in love with him.' 

'And is it true the younger Vlassiev girl's to marry Topov?' 

'Yes. they say it's quite a settled thing.' 

T wonder at the parents ! They say it's a marriage for 
love.' 

'For love ? What antediluvian notions you have ! Can 
one talk of love in these days?' said the ambassador's 
wife. 

181 



183 LEO TOLSTOY 

'What's to be done? It's a foolish old fashion that's kept 
up still,' said Vronsky. 

'So much the worse for those who keep up the fashion. 
The only happy marriages I know are marriages of prudence.' 

'Yes. but then how often the happiness of these prudent 
marriages flies away like dust just because that passion turns 
up that they have refused to recognise,' said Vronsky. 

'But by marriages of prudence we mean those in which 
both parties have sown their wild oats already. That's like 
scarlatina — one has to go through it and get it over.' 

'Then they ought to find out how to vaccinate for love, like 
smallpox.' 

'I w^as in love in my young days with a deacon,' said the 
Princess Myaky. 'I don't know that it did me any good.' 

'No; I imagine, joking apart, that to know love, one must 
make mistakes and then correct them,' said Princess Betsy. 

'Even after marriage?' said the ambassador's wife play- 
fully. 

' "It's never too late to mend." ' The attache repeated the 
English proverb. 

'Just so,' Betsy agreed ; 'one must make mistakes and 
correct them. What do you think about it ?' She turned to 
Anna, who, with a faintly perceptible resolute smile on her 
lips, was listening in silence to the conversation. 

'I think,' said Anna, playing with the glove she had taken 
off, 'I think ... if so many men, so many minds, certainly 
so many hearts, so many kinds of love.' 

Vronsky was gazing at Anna, and with a fainting heart 
waiting for what she would say. He sighed as after a danger 
escaped when she uttered these words. 

Anna suddenly turned to him. 

'Oh, I have had a letter from Moscow. They write me 
that Kitty Shtcherbatsky's very ill.' 

'Really?' said Vronsky, knitting his brows. 

Anna looked sternly at him. 

'That doesn't interest you?' 

'On the contrary, it does, very much. What was it exactly 
they told you, if I may know?' he questioned. 

Anna got up and went to Betsy. 

'Give me a cup of tea,' she said, standing at her table. 



ANNA KARENIN 183 

While Betsy was pouring out the tea, Vronsky went up 
to Anna. 

'What is it they write to you?' he repeated. 

'I often think men have no understanding of what's not 
honourable though they're always talking of it,' said Anna, 
without answering him. 'I've wanted to tell you so a long 
while,' she added, and moving a few steps away, she sat 
down at a table in a corner covered with albums. 

"I don't quite understand the meaning of your words,' he 
said, handing her the cup. 

She glanced toward the sofa beside her, and he instantly 
sat down. 

'Yes, I have been wanting to tell you.' she said, not looking 
at him. 'You behaved wrongly, very wrongly.' 

'Do you suppose I don't know that I've acted wrongly?. 
But who was the cause of my doing so?' 

'What do you say that to me for?' she said, glancing 
severely at him. 

'You know what for,' he answered boldly and joyfully, 
meeting her glance and not dropping his eyes. 

Not he, but she, was confused. 

'That only shows you have no heart,' she said. But her 
eyes said that she knew he had a heart, and that was why she 
was afraid of him. 

"What you spoke of just now was a mistake, and not 
love.' 

'Remember that I have forbidden you to utter that word, 
that hateful word,' said Anna, with a shudder. But at once 
she felt that by that very word 'forbidden' she had shown 
that she acknowledged certain rights over him, and by that 
very fact was encouraging him to speak of love. 'I have 
long meant to tell you this,' she went on, looking resolutely 
into his eyes, and hot all over from the burning flush on 
her cheeks. 'I've come on purpose this evening, knowing 
I should meet you. I have come to tell you that this must 
end. I have never blushed before any one, and you force me 
to feel to blame for something.' 

He looked at her and was struck by a new spiritual beauty 
in her face. 

"What do you wish of me?' he said simply and seriously, 



184 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I want you to go to Moscow and ask for Kitty's forgive- 
ness,' she said. 

'You don't wish that?' he said. 

He saw she was saying what she forced herself to say, not 
what she wanted to say. 

'If you love me, as you say,' she whispered, 'do so that I 
may be at peace.' 

His face grew radiant. 

'Don't you know that you're all my life to me? But I 
know no peace, and I can't give it you ; all myself — and love 
. . . yes. I can't think of you and myself apart. You and 
I are one to me. And I see no chance before us of peace 
for me or for you. I see a chance of despair, of wretchedness 
... or I see a chance of bliss, what bliss ! . . . Can it be 
■there's no chance of it?' he murmured with his lips; but she 
heard. 

She strained every effort of her mind to say what ought to 
be said. But instead of that she let her eyes rest on him, full 
of love, and made no answer. 

'It's come !' he thought in ecstasy. 'When I was beginning 
to despair, and it seemed there would be no end — it's come ! 
She loves me ! She owns it !' 

'Then do this for me: never say such things to me, and 
let us be friends,' she said in words; but her eyes spoke quite 
differently. 

'Friends we shall never be, you know that yourself. 
Whether we shall be the happiest or the wretchedest of 
people that's in your hands.' 

She would have said something, but he interrupted her. 

'I ask one thing only : I ask for the right to hope, to suffer 
as I do. But if even that cannot be, command me to dis- 
appear and I disappear. You shall not see me if my presence 
is distasteful to you.' 

'I don't want to drive you away.' 

'Only don't change anything, leave everything as it is,' he 
said in a shaky voice. 'Here's your husband.' 

At that instant Alexey Alexandrovitch did in fact walk 
into the room with his calm, awkward gait. 

Glancing at his wife and Vronsky, he went up to the lady 
of the house, and sitting down for a cup of tea, began talking 



ANNA KARENIN 185 

in his deliberate, always audible voice, in his habitual tone 
of banter, ridiculing some one. 

'Your Rambouillet is in full conclave,' he said, looking 
round at all the party ; "the graces and the muses.' 

But Princess Betsy could not endure that tone of his — 
'sneering,' as she called it, using the English word, and like 
a skilful hostess she at once brought him into a serious con- 
versation on the subject of universal conscription. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch was immediately interested in the subject, 
and began seriously defending the new imperial decree 
against Princess Betsy, who had attacked it. 

Vronsky and Anna still sat at the little table. 

"This is getting indecorous,' whispered one lady, with an 
expressive glance at IMadame Karenin, Vronsky, and her 
husband. 

'What did I tell you?' said Anna's friend. 

But not only those ladies, almost every one in the room, 
even the Princess JNIyaky and Betsy herself, looked several 
times in the direction of the two who had withdrawn from 
the general circle, as though that were a disturbing fact. 
Alexey Alexandrovitch was the only person who did not 
once look in that direction, and was not diverted from the 
interesting discussion he had entered upon. 

Noticing the disagreeable impression that was being made 
on every one. Princess Betsy slipped some one else into her 
place to listen to Alexey Alexandrovitch, and went up to 
Anna. 

'I'm always amazed at the clearness and precision of 
your husband's language,' she said. 'The most trans- 
cendental ideas seem to be within my grasp when he's 
speaking.' 

'Oh yes !' said Anna, radiant with a smile of happiness, and 
not understanding a word of what Betsy had said. She 
crossed over to the big table and took part in the general 
conversation. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch, after staying half an hour, went up 
to his wife and suggested that they should go home together. 
But she answered, not looking at him, that she was staying to 
supper. Alexey Alexandrovitch made his bows and with- 
drew. 



186 LEO TOLSTOY 

The fat old Tatar, Madame Karenin's coachman, was with 
difficulty holding one of her pair of greys, chilled with the 
cold and rearing at the entrance. A footman stood opening 
the carriage door. The hall-porter stood holding open the 
great door of the house. Anna Arkadyevna, with her quick 
little hand, was unfastening the lace of her sleeve, caught in 
the hook of her fur cloak, and with bent head listening with 
rapture to the words Vronsky murmured as he escorted her 
down. 

'You've said nothing, of course, and I ask nothing,' he was 
saying; "but you know that friendship's not what I want: 
that there's only one happiness in life for me, that word that 
you dislike so . . . yes, love ! . . .' 

'Love,* she repeated slowly, in an inner voice, and suddenly, 
at the very instant she unhooked the lace, she added, 'Why I 
don't like the word is that it means too much to me, far more 
than you can understand,' and she glanced into his face 'An 
revoir!' 

She gave him her hand, and with her rapid, springy step 
she passed by the porter and vanished into the carriage. 

Her glance, the touch of her hand, set him aflame. He 
kissed the palm of his hand where she had touched it, and 
went home, happy in the sense that he had got nearer to the 
attainment of his aims that evening than during the two last 
months. 



CHAPTER VIII 

A LEXF.Y ALEXANDROVITCH had seen nothing strik- 

/A ing or improper in the fact that his wife was sitting 
-*^-*- with Vronsky at a table apart, in eager conversation 
with him about something. But he noticed that to the rest 
of the party this appeared something striking and improper, 
and for that reason it seemed to him too to be improper. 
He made up his mind that he must speak of it to his wife. 

On reaching home Alexey Alexandrovitch went to his 
study, as he usually did, seated himself in his low chair, 
opened a book on the Papacy at the place where he had laid 
the paper-knife in it, and read till one o'clock, just as he 
usually did. But from time to time he rubbed his high fore- 
head and shook his head, as though to drive away something. 
At his usual time he got up and made his toilet for the 
night. Anna Arkadyevna had not yet come in. With 
a book under his arm he went upstairs. But this evening, 
instead of his usual thoughts and meditations upon official 
details, his thoughts were absorbed by his wife and something 
disagreeable connected with her. Contrary to his usual 
habit, he did not get into bed, but fell to walking up and 
down the rooms with his hands clasped behind his back. He 
could not go to bed, feeling that it was absolutely needful 
for him first to think thoroughly over the position that had 
just arisen. 

When Alexey Alexandrovitch had made up "his mind that 
he must talk to his wife about it, it had seemed a very easy 
and simple matter. But now, when he began to think over 
the question that had just presented itself, it seemed to him 
very complicated and difficult. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch was not jealous. Jealousy accord- 
ing to his notions was an insult to one's wife, and one ought 
to have confidence in one's wife. Why one ought to have 
confidence — that is to say complete conviction that his young 
wife would always love him — he did not ask himself. But 

187 



188 LEO TOLSTOY 

he had had no experience of lack of confidence, because he 
had confidence in her, and told himself that he ought to have 
it. Now, though his conviction that jealousy was a shameful 
feeling, and that one ought to feel confidence, had not broken 
down, he felt that he was standing face to face with some- 
thing illogical and irrational, and did not know what was to 
be done. Alexey Alexandrovitch was standing face to face 
with life, with the possibility of his wife's loving some one 
other than himself, and this seemed to him very irrational and 
incomprehensible because it was life itself. All his life Alexey 
Alexandrovitch had lived and worked in official spheres, 
having to do with the reflection of life. And every time he 
had stumbled against life itself he had shrunk away from it. 
Now he experienced a feeling akin to that of a man who. 
while calmly crossing a precipice by a bridge, should suddenly 
discover that the bridge is broken, and that there is a chasm 
below. That chasm was life itself, the bridge that artificial 
life in which Alexey Alexandrovitch had lived. For the 
first time the question presented itself to him of the possibility 
of his wife's loving some one else, and he was horrified at it. 
He did not undress, but walked up and down with his 
regular tread over the resounding parquet of the dining- 
room, where one lamp was burning, over the carpet of the 
dark drawing-room, in which the light was reflected on the 
big new portrait of himself hanging over the sofa, and across 
her boudoir, where two candles burned, lighting up the por- 
traits of her parents and woman friends, and the pretty knick- 
knacks of her writing-table, that he knew so well. He walked 
across her boudoir to the bedroom door, and turned back 
again. At each turn in his walk, especially at the parquet 
of the lighted dining-room, he halted and said to himself, 
'Yes, this I must decide and put a stop to; I must express 
my view of it and my decision.' And he turned back again. 
'But express what — what decision?' he said to himself in the 
drawing-room, and he found no reply. 'But after all,' he 
asked himself before turning into the boudoir, 'what has 
occurred ? Nothing. She was talking a long while with him. 
But what of that? Surely women in society can talk to 
whom they please. And then, jealousy means lowering both 
myself and her,' he told himself as he went into her boudoir; 



ANNA KARENIN 189 

but this dictum, which had always had such weight with him 
before, had now no weight and no meaning at all. And from 
the bedroom door he turned back again ; but as he entered 
the dark drawing-room some inner voice told him that it was 
not so, and that if others noticed it that showed that there 
was something. And he said to himself again in the dining- 
room, 'Yes, I must decide and put a stop to it, and express 
my view of it. . . .' And again at the turn in the drawing- 
room he asked himself, 'Decide how?' And again he asked 
himself, 'What had occurred?' and answered, 'Nothing,' and 
recollected that jealousy was a feeling insulting to his wife; 
but again in the drawing-room he was convinced that some- 
thing had happened. His thoughts, like his body, went round 
a complete circle, without coming upon anything new. He 
noticed this, rubbed his forehead, and sat down in her 
boudoir. 

There, looking at her table, with the malachite blotting- 
case lying at the top and an unfinished letter, his thoughts 
suddenly changed. He began to think of her, of what she 
was thinking and feeling. For the first time he pictured 
vividly to himself her personal life, her ideas, her desires, 
and the idea that she could and should have a separate life 
of her own seemed to him so alarming that he made haste 
to dispel it. It was the chasm which he was afraid to peep 
into. To put himself in thought and feeling in another 
person's place was a spiritual exercise not natural to Alexey 
Alexandrovitch. He looked on this spiritual exercise as a 
harmful and dangerous abuse of the fancy. 

'And the worst of it all,' thought he, 'is that just now, at 
the very moment when my great work is approaching com- 
pletion' (he was thinking of the project he was bringing 
forward at the time), 'when I stand in need of all my mental 
peace and all my energies, just now this stupid worry should 
fall foul of me. But what's to be done? I'm not one of 
those men who submit to uneasiness and worry without hav- 
ing the force of character to face them. 

'I must think it over, come to a decision, and put it out 
of my mind,' he said aloud. 

'The question of her feelings, of what has passed and may 
be passing in her soul, that's not my affair; that's the affair 



190 LEO TOLSTOY 

of her conscience, and falls under the head of religion,' he 
said to himself, feeling consolation in the sense that he had 
found to which division of regulating principles this new 
circumstance could be properly referred. 

'And so,' Alexey Alexandrovitch said to himself, 'questions 
as to her feelings, and so on, are questions for her conscience, 
with which I can have nothing to do. My duty is clearly 
defined. As the head of the family, I am a person bound in 
duty to guide her, and consequently, in part the person 
responsible ; I am bound to point out the danger I perceive, 
to warn her, even to use my authority. I ought to speak 
plainly to her.' And everything that he would say to-night to 
his wife took clear shape in Alexey Alexandrovitch's head. 
Thinking over what he would say, he somewhat regretted 
that he should have to use his time and mental powers for 
domestic consumption, with so little to show for it, but, in 
spite of that, the form and contents of the speech before 
him shaped itself as ckarly and distinctly in his head as a 
ministerial report. 

T must say and express fully the following points : first, 
exposition of the value to be attached to public opinion and 
to decorum ; secondly, exposition of religious significance 
of marriage; thirdly, if need be, reference to the calamity 
possibly ensuing to our son ; fourthly, reference to the unhap- 
piness likely to result to herself.' And, interlacing his 
fingers, Alexey Alexandrovitch stretched them, and the 
joints of the fingers cracked. This trick, a bad habit, the 
cracking of his fingers, always soothed him, and gave pre- 
cision to his thoughts, so needful to him at this juncture. 

There was the sound of a carriage driving up to the front 
door. Alexey Alexandrovitch halted in the middle of the 
room. 

A woman's step was heard mounting the stairs. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch, ready for his speech, stood compressing his 
crossed fingers, waiting to see if the crack would not come 
again. One joint cracked. 

Already, from the sound of light steps on the stairs, he 
was aware that she was close, and though he was satisfied 
with his speech, he felt frightened of the explanation con- 
fronting him. . . . 



CHAPTER IX 

ANNA came in with hanging head, playing with the tas- 

l\ sels of her hood. Her face was brilliant and glow- 
-*--^ ing; but this glow was not one of brightness, it sug- 
gested the fearful glow of a conflagration in the midst of a 
^dark night. On seeing her husband, Anna raised her head 
and smiled, as though she had just waked up. 

'You're not in bed? What a wonder!' she said, letting 
fall her hood, and, without stopping, she went on into the 
dressing-room. 'It's late, Alexe}' Alexandrovitch,' she said, 
when she had gone through the doorway. 

'Anna, it's necessary for me to have a talk with you.* 

'With me?' she said, wonderingly. She came out from 
behind the door of the dressing-room, and looked at him. 
'Why, what is it? What about?' she asked, sitting down. 
'Well, let's talk, if it's so necessary. But it would be better 
to get to sleep.' 

Anna said what came to her lips, and marvelled, hearing 
herself, at her own capacity for lying. How simple and 
natural were her words, and how likely that she was simply 
sleepy ! She felt herself clad in an impenetrable armour of 
falsehood. She felt that some unseen force had come to her 
aid and was supporting her. 

'Anna, I must warn you,' he began. 

'Warn me?' she said. 'Of what?' 

She looked at him so simply, so brightly, that any one who 
did not know her as her husband knew her could not have 
noticed anything unnatural, either in the sound or the sense 
of her words. But to him. knowing her, knowing that when- 
ever he went to bed five minutes later than usual, she noticed 
it, and asked him the reason ; to him, knowing that every joy, 
every pleasure and pain that she felt she communicated to 
him at once; to him, now, to see that she did not care to 
notice his state of mind, that she did not care to say a word 
about herself, meant a great deal. He saw that the inmost 

191 



192 LEO TOLSTOY 

recesses of her soul, that had always hitherto lain open 
before him, were closed against him. More than that, he 
saw from her tone that she was not even perturbed at that, 
but as it were said straight out to him: 'Yes, it's shut up, 
and so it must be, and will be in future.' Now he expe- 
rienced a feeling such as a man might have, returning home 
and finding his own house locked up. 'But perhaps the key 
may yet be found,' thought Alexey Alexandrovitch, 

'I want to warn you,' he said in a low voice, 'that through 
thoughtlessness and lack of caution you may cause yourself 
to be talked about in society. Your too animated conver- 
sation this evening with Count Vronsky' (he enunciated the 
name firmly and with deliberate emphasis) 'attracted 
attention.' 

He talked and looked at her laughing eyes, which fright- 
ened him now with their impenetrable look, and, as he talked, 
he felt all the uselessness and idleness of his words. 

'You're always like that,' she answered, as though com- 
pletely misapprehending him, and of all he had said only 
taking in the last phrase. 'One time you don't like my 
being dull, and another time you don't like my being lively. 
I wasn't dull. Does that ofifend you ?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch shivered, and bent his hands to 
make the joints crack. 

'Oh, please, don't do that, I do so dislike it,' she said. 

'Anna, is this you?' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, quietly 
making an effort over himself, and restraining the motion 
of his fingers. 

'But what is it all about?' she said, with such genuine and 
droll wonder. 'What do you want of me?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch paused, and rubbed his forehead 
and his eyes. He saw that instead of doing as he had 
intended — that is to say, warning his wife against a mistake 
ill the eyes of the world — he had unconsciously become 
agitated over what was the affair of her conscience, and was 
struggling against the barrier he fancied between them. 

This is what I meant to say to you,' he went on coldly and 
composedly, 'and I beg you to listen to it. I consider jeal- 
ousy, as you know, a humiliating and degrading feeling, and 
I shall never allow myself to be influenced by it; but there 



AXXA KAREXIX 193 

are certain rules of decorum which cannot be disregarded 
with impunity. This evening it was not I observed it, but 
judging by the impression made on the company, every one 
observed that your conduct and deportment were not alto- 
gether what could be desired.' 

T positively don't understand,' said Anna, shrugging her 
shoulders. — 'He doesn't care,' she thought. 'But other peo- 
ple noticed it, and that's what upsets him.' — 'You're not well, 
Alexey Alexandrovitch,' she added, and she got up, and 
would have gone towards the door; but he moved forward 
as though he would stop her. 

His face was ugly and forbidding, as Anna had never seen 
him. She stopped, and bending her head back and on one 
side, began with her rapid hand taking out her hairpins. 

'Well, I'm listening to what's to come,' she said, calmly 
and ironically ; "and indeed I listen with interest, for I should 
like to understand what's the matter.' 

She spoke, and marvelled at the confident, calm, and nat- 
ural tone in which she was speaking, and the choice of the 
words she used. 

'To enter into all the details of your feelings I have no 
right, and besides, I regard that as useless and even harm- 
ful,' began Alexey Alexandrovitch. 'Ferreting in one's soul, 
one often ferrets out something that might have lain there 
unnoticed. Your feelings are an affair of your own con- 
science; but I am in duty bound to you, to myself, and to 
God, to point out to you your duties. Our life has been 
joined, not by man, but by God. That union can only be 
severed by a crime, and a crime of that nature brings its 
own chastisement.' 

'I don't understand a word. And, oh dear ! how sleepy I 
am, unluckily,' she said, rapidly passing her hand through 
her hair, feeling for the remaining hairpins. 

'Anna, for God's sake don't speak like that !' he said 
gently. 'Perhaps I am mistaken, but believe me, what I 
say, I say as much for myself as for you. I am your hus- 
band, and I love you.' 

For an instant her face fell, and the mocking gleam in her 
eyes died away ; but the word love threw her into revolt 
again. She thought: 'Love? Can he love? If he hadn't 



194 LEO TOLSTOY 

heard there was such a thing as love, he would never have 
used the word. He doesn't even know what love is.' 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch, really I don't understand/ she 
said. 'Define what it is you find . . .' 

'Pardon, let me say all I have to say. I love you. But I 
am not speaking of myself; the most important persons in 
this matter are our son and yourself. It may very well be, 
I repeat, that my words seem to you utterly unnecessary and 
out of place; it may be that they are called forth by my 
mistaken impression. In that case, I beg you to forgive me. 
But if you are conscious yourself of even the smallest foun- 
dation for them, then I beg you to think a little, and if your 
heart prompts you, to speak out to me. . . .' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch was unconsciously saying some- 
thing utterly unlike what he had prepared. 

'I have nothing to say. And besides,' she said hurriedly, 
with difficulty repressing a smile, 'it's really time to be in bed.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sighed, and, without saying more, 
went into the bedroom. 

When she came into the bedroom, he was already in bed. 
His lips were sternly compressed, and his eyes looked away 
from her. Anna got into her bed, and lay expecting every 
minute that he would begin to speak to her again. She both 
feared his speaking and wished for it. But he was silent. 
She waited for a long while without moving, and had for- 
gotten about him. She thought of that other ; she pictured 
him, and felt how her heart was flooded with emotion and 
guilty delight at the thought of him. Suddenly she heard an 
even, tranquil snore. For the first instant Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch seemed as it were appalled at his own snoring, and 
ceased ; but after an interval of two breathings the snore 
sounded again, with a new tranquil rhythm. 

'It's late, it's late,' she whispered with a smile. A long 
while she lay, not moving, with open eyes, whose brilliance 
she almost fancied she could herself see in the darkness. 



CHAPTER X 

FROM that time a new life began for Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch and for his wife. Nothing special happened. 
Anna went out into society, as she had always done, 
was particularly often at Princess Betsy's, and met Vronsky 
everywhere. Alexey Alexandrovitch saw this, but could do 
nothing. All his efforts to draw her into open discussion 
she confronted with a barrier which he could not penetrate, 
made up of a sort of amused perplexity. Outwardly every- 
thing was the same, but their inner relations were completely 
changed. Alexey Alexandrovitch, a man of great power in 
the world of politics, felt himself helpless in this. Like an 
ox with head bent, submissively he awaited the blow which 
he felt was lifted over him. Every time he began to think 
about it, he felt that he must try once more, that by kind- 
ness, tenderness, and persuasion there was still hope of sav- 
ing her, of bringing her back to herself, and every day he 
made ready to talk to her. But every time he began talking 
to her, he felt that the spirit of evil and deceit, which had 
taken possession of her, had possession of him too, and he 
talked to her in a tone quite unlike that in which he had 
meant to talk. Involuntarily he talked to her in his habitual 
tone of jeering at any one who should say what he was say- 
ing. And in that tone it was impossible to say what needed 
to be said to her. 



195 



CHAPTER XI 

THAT which for Vronsky had been almost a whole year 
the one absorbing desire of his life, replacing all his 
old desires; that which for Anna had been an impos- 
sible, terrible, and even for that reason more entrancing 
dream of bliss, that desire had been fulfilled. He stood 
before her, pale, his lower jaw quivering, and besought her 
to be calm, not knowing how or why. 

'Anna ! Anna !' he said with a choking voice, 'Anna, for 
pity's sake ! . . .' 

But the louder he spoke, the lower she dropped her once 
proud and gay, now shame-stricken head, and she bowed 
down and sank from the sofa where she was sitting, down on 
the floor, at his feet; she would have fallen on the carpet 
if he had not held her. 

'My God ! Forgive me !' she said, sobbing, pressing his 
hands to her bosom. 

She felt so sinful, so guilty, that nothing was left her but 
to humiliate herself and beg forgiveness; and as now there 
was no one in her life but him, to him she addressed her 
prayer for forgiveness. Looking at him, she had a physical 
sense of her humiliation, and she could say nothing more. 
He felt what a murderer must feel, when he sees the body 
he has robbed of life. That body, robbed by him of life, was 
their love, the first stage of their love. There was something 
awful and revolting in the memory of what had been bought 
at this fearful price of shame. Shame at their spiritual 
nakedness crushed her and infected him. But in spite of all 
the murderer's horror before the body of his victim, he must 
hack it to pieces, hide the l)ody, must use what he has gained 
by his murder. 

And with fury, as it were with passion, the murderer falls 
on the body, and drags it and hacks at it ; so he covered her 
face and shoulders with kisses. She held his hand, and did 
not stir. 'Yes. these kisses — that is what has been bought 

196 



AXNA KARENIN 197 

by this shame. Yes, and one hand, which will always be 
mine — the hand of my accomplice.' She lifted up that hand 
and kissed it. He sank on his knees and tried to see her 
face; but she hid it, and said nothing. At last, as though 
making an effort over herself, she got up and pushed him 
away. 

Her face was still as beautiful, but it was only the more 
pitiful for that. 

"All is over,' she said; 'I have nothing but you. Remember 
that.' 

'I can never forget what is my whole life. For one instant 
of this happiness . . .' 

'Happiness !' she said with horror and loathing, and her 
horror unconsciously infected him. 'For pity's sake, not a 
word, not a word more.' 

She rose quickly and moved away from him. 

'Not a word more,' she repeated, and with a look of chill 
despair, incomprehensible to him, she parted from him. She 
felt that at that moment she could not put into words the 
sense of shame, of rapture, and of horror at this stepping into 
a new life, and she did not want to speak of it, to vulgarise 
this feeling by inappropriate words. But later too, and the 
next day and the third day, she still found no words in which 
she could express the complexity of her feelings ; indeed, 
she could not even find thoughts in which she could clearly 
think out all that was in her soul. 

She said to herself : 'No, just now I can't think of it ; later 
on. when I am calmer.' But this calm for thought never 
came ; every time the thought rose of what she had 
done and what would happen to her, and what she ought 
to do, a horror came over her and. she drove those thoughts 
away. 

'Later, later,' she said — 'when I am calmer.' 

But in dreams, when she had no control over her 
thoughts, her position presented itself to her in all its hideous 
nakedness. 

One dream haunted her almost every night. She dreamed 
that both were her husbands at once, that both were 
lavishing caresses on her. Alexey Alexandrovitch was 
weeping, kissing her hands, and saying, "How happy we are 



198 LEO TOLSTOY 

now !' And Alexey Vronsky was there too, and he too was 
her husband. And she was marvelling that it had once 
seemed impossible to her, was explaining to them, laugh- 
ing, that this was ever so much simpler, and that now 
both of them were happy and contented. But this dream 
weighed on her like a nightmare, and she awoke from it 
in terror. 



CHAPTER XII 

IN the early days after his return from Moscow, when- 
ever Levin shuddered and grew red, remembering the 
disgrace of his rejection, he said to himself: 'This was 
just how I used to shudder and blush, thinking myself utterly 
lost, when I was plucked in physics and did not get my 
remove ; and how I thought myself utterly ruined after I 
had mismanaged that affair of my sister's that was intrusted 
to me. 

And yet, now that years have passed. I recall it and 
wonder that it could distress me so much. It will be the 
same thing too with this trouble. Time will go by and I shall 
not mind about this either." 

But three months had passed and he had not left off 
minding about it ; and it was as painful for him to think of 
it as it had been those first days. He could not be at peace 
because after dreaming so long of family life, and feeling 
himself so ripe for it, he was still not married, and was 
further than ever from marriage. He was painfully con- 
scious himself, as were all about him, that at his years it is 
not well for man to be alone. He remembered how before 
starting for Moscow he had once said to his cowman Niko- 
lay, a simple-hearted peasant, whom he liked talking to : 
'Well, Nikolay ! I mean to get married,' and how Nikolay 
had promptly answered, as of a matter on which there could 
be no possible doubt : 'And high time too, Konstantin 
Dmitritch.' But marriage had now become further oft' than 
ever. The place was taken, and whenever he tried to 
imagine any of the girls he knew in that place, he felt that 
it was utterly impossible. Moreover, the recollection of the 
rejection and that part he had played in the affair tortured 
him with shame. However often he told himself that he was 
in nowise to blame in it, that recollection, like other humili- 
ating reminiscences of a similar kind, made him twinge and 
blush. 

199 



200 LEO TOLSTOY 

There had been in his past, as in every man's, actions 
recognised by him as bad, for which his conscience ought 
to have tormented him ; but the memory of these evil actions 
was far from causing him so much suffering as those trivial 
but humiliating reminiscences. These wounds never healed. 
And with these memories was now ranged his rejection and 
the pitiful position in which he must have appeared to others 
that evening. But time and work did their part. Bitter 
memories were more and more covered up by the incidents — 
paltry in his eyes, but really important — of his country 
life. 

Every week he thought less often of Kitty. He was impa- 
tiently looking forward to the news that she was married, 
or just going to be married, hoping that such news would, 
like having a tooth out, completely cure him. 

Meanwhile spring came on, beautiful and kindly, without 
the delays and treacheries of spring, — one of those rare 
springs in which plants, beasts, and man rejoice alike. This 
lovely spring roused Levin still more, and strengthened him 
in his resolution of renouncing all his past and building up 
his lonely life firmly and independently. Though many of 
the plans with which he had returned to the country had 
not been carried out, still his most important resolution — 
thaf of purity — had been kept by him. He was free from 
that shame, which had usually harassed him after a fall ; and 
he could look every one straight in the face. In February he 
had received a letter from Marya Nikolaevna telling him 
that his brother Nikolay's health was getting worse, but 
that he would not take advice, and in consequence of this 
letter Levin went to Moscow to his brother's, and succeeded 
in persuading him to see a doctor and to go to a watering- 
place abroad. He succeeded so well in persuading his 
brother, and in lending him money for the journey without 
irritating him, that he was satisfied with himself in that 
matter. 

In addition to his farming, which called for spe- 
cial attention in spring, in addition to reading, Levin had 
begun that winter a work on agriculture, the plan of which 
turned on taking into account the character of the labourer 
on the land as one of the unalterable data of the question, 



ANNA KARENIN 201 

like the climate and the soil, and consequently deducing all 
the principles of scientific culture, not simply from the data 
of soil and climate, but from the data of soil, climate, and a 
certain unalterable character of the labourer. Thus, in spite 
of his solitude, or in consequence of his solitude, his life was 
exceedingly full. Only rarely he suffered from an unsat- 
isfied desire to communicate his stray ideas to some one 
besides Agafea Mihalovna. With her indeed he not unfre- 
quently fell into discussions upon physics, the theory of 
agriculture, and especially philosophy; philosophy was Aga- 
fea Mihalovna's favourite subject. 

Spring was slow in unfolding. For the last few weeks it 
had been steadily fine frosty weather. In the daytime it 
thawed in the sun, but at night there were even seven degrees 
of frost. There was such a frozen surface on the snow 
that they drove the wagons anywhere off the roads. Easter 
came in the snow. Then all of a sudden, on Easter Mon- 
day, a warm wind sprang up, storm-clouds swooped down, 
and for three days and three nights the warm, driving rain 
fell in streams. On Thursday the wind dropped, and a thick 
grey fog brooded over the land as though hiding the mys- 
teries of the transformations that were being wrought in 
nature. 

Behind the fog there was the flowing of water, the 
cracking and floating of ice, the swift rush of turbid, foam- 
ing torrents; and on the following Monday, in the evening, 
the fog parted, the storm-clouds spilt up into little curl- 
ing crests of cloud, the sky cleared, and the real spring had 
come. 

In the morning the sun rose brilliant and quickly wore 
away the thin layer of ice that covered the water, and all the 
warm air was quivering with the steam that rose up from the 
quickened earth. The old grass looked greener, and the 
young grass thrust up its tiny blades ; the buds of the guelder- 
rose and of the currant and the sticky birch-buds were 
swollen with sap, and an exploring bee was humming about 
the golden blossoms that studded the willow. Larks trilled 
unseen above the velvety green fields and the ice-covered 
stubble-land ; peewits wailed over the low lands and marshes 
flooded by the pools; cranes and wild geese flew high across 

P— 8 



202 LEO TOLSTOY 

the sky uttering their spring calls. The cattle, bald in patches 
where the new hair had not grown yet, lowed in the pas- 
tures; the bow-legged lambs frisked round their bleating 
mothers. Nimble children ran about the drying paths, cov- 
ered with the prints of bare feet. There was a merry chatter 
of peasant women over their linen at the pond, and the ring 
of axes in the yard, where the peasants were repairing 
ploughs and harrows. The real spring had come. 



CHAPTER XIII 

IEVIN put on his big boots, and, for the first time, a 
. cloth jacket, instead of his fur cloak, and went out to 
■ look after his farm, stepping over streams of water 
that flashed in the sunshine and dazzled his eyes, and tread- 
ing one minute on ice and the next into sticky mud. 

Spring is the time of plans and projects. And, as he came 
out into the farmyard. Levin, like a tree in spring that knows 
not what form will be taken by the young shoots and twigs 
imprisoned in its swelling buds, hardly knew what undertak- 
ings he was going to begin upon now in the farm-work that 
was so dear to him. But he felt that he was full of the most 
splendid plans and projects. First of all he went to the 
cattle. The cows had been let out into their paddock, and 
their smooth sides were already shining with their new, sleek, 
spring coats ; they basked in the sunshine and lowed to go 
to the meadow. Levin gazed admiringly at the cows he 
knew so intimately to the minutest detail of their condition, 
and gave orders for them to be driven out into the meadow, 
and the calves to be let into the paddock. The herdsman 
ran gaily to get ready for the meadow. The cowherd girls, 
picking up their petticoats, ran splashing through the mud 
with bare legs, still white, not yet brown from the sun, wav- 
ing brushwood in their hands, chasing the calves that 
frolicked in the mirth of spring. 

After admiring the young ones of that year, who were par- 
ticularly fine — the early calves were the size of a peasant's 
cow, and Pava's daughter, at three months old, was as 
big as a yearling, — Levin gave orders for a trough to be 
brought out and for them to be fed in the paddock. But it 
appeared that as the paddock had not been used during the 
winter, the hurdles made in the autumn for it were broken. 
He sent for the carpenter, who, according to his orders, ought 
to have been at work at the thrashing-machine. But it 
appeared that the carpenter was repairing the harrows, which 

203 



204 LEO TOLSTOY 

ought to have been repaired before Lent. This was very 
annoying to Levin. It was annoying to come upon that 
everlasting slovenliness in the farm-work against which he 
had been striving with all his might for so many years. The 
hurdles, as he ascertained, being not wanted in winter, had 
been carried to the cart horses' stable, and there broken, as 
they were of light construction, only meant for folding calves. 
Moreover, it was apparent also that the harrows and all the 
agricultural implements, which he had directed to be looked 
over and repaired in the winter, for which very purpose he 
had hired three carpenters, had not been put into repair, 
and the harrows were being repaired when they ought to 
have been harrowing the field. Levin sent for his bailiff, 
but immediately went off himself to look for him. The bailiff 
beaming all over, like every one that day, in a sheepskin 
bordered with astrachan, came out of a barn, twisting a bit 
of straw in his hands. 

'Why isn't the carpenter at the thrashing-machine?' 

'Oh, I meant to tell you yesterday, the harrows want 
repairing. Here it's time they got to work in the fields.' 

'But what were they doing in the winter, then?' 

'But what did you want the carpenter for?' 

'Where are the hurdles for the calves' paddock?' 

'I ordered them to be got ready. What would you have 
with those peasants !' said the bailiff, with a wave of his 
hand. 

'It's not those peasants but this bailiff !' said Levin, get- 
ting angry. "Why, what do I keep you for?' he cried. But, 
bethinking himself that this would not help matters, he 
stopped short in the middle of a sentence, and merely sighed. 
'Well, what do you say? Can sowing begin?' he asked, after 
a pause. 

"Behind Turkin to-morrow or next day they might begin.' 

'And the clover?' 

T've sent Vassily and Mishka ; they're sowing. Only 
I don't know if they'll manage to get through; it's so 
slushy.' 

'How many acres?' 

'About fifteen.' 

'Why not sow all?' cried Levin. 



ANNA KARENIN 205 

That they were only sowing the clover on fifteen acres, not 
in all the forty-five, was still more annoying to him. Clover, 
as he knew, both from books and from his own experience, 
never did well except when it was sown as early as possible, 
almost in the snow. And yet Levin could never get this 
done. 

'There's no one to send. What would you have with such 
a set of peasants? Three haven't turned up. And there's 
Semyon . . .' 

'Well, you should have taken some men from the thatching.' 

'And so I have, as it is.' 

'Where are the peasants, then ?' 

'Five are making compote' (which meant compost), 'four 
are shifting the oats for fear of a touch of mildew, Konstan- 
tin Dmitritch.' 

Levin knew very well that 'a touch of mildew' meant that 
his English seed oats were already ruined. Again they had 
not done as he had ordered. 

'Why, but I told you during Lent to put pipes,' he cried. 

'Don't put yourself out ; we shall get it all done in time.' 

Levin waved his hand angrily, went into the granary to 
glance at the oats, and then to the stable. The oats were not 
yet spoiled. But the peasants were carrying the oats in 
spades when they might simply let them slide down into the 
lower granary ; and arranging for this to be done, and taking 
two workmen from there for sowing clover, Levin got over 
his vexation with the bailiff. Indeed, it was such a lovely 
day that one could not be angry. 

'Ignat !' he called to the coachman, who, with his sleeves 
tucked up, was washing the carriage wheels, 'saddle me . . .' 

'Which, sir?' 

'Well, let it be Kolpik.' 

'Yes, sir.' 

While they were saddling his horse. Levin again called up 
the bailiff, who was hanging about in sight, to make it up 
with him, and began talking to him about the spring oper- 
ations before them, and his plans for the farm. 

The wagons were to begin carting manure earlier, so as 
to get all done before the early mowing. And the plough- 
ing of the further land to go on without a break so as to 



206 LEO TOLSTOY 

let it ripen lying fallow. And the mowing to be all done 
by hired labour, not on half-profits. The bailiff listened 
attentively, and obviously made an effort to approve of his 
employer's projects. But still he had that look Levin knew 
so well that always irritated him, a look of hopelessness 
and despondency. That look said : 'That's all very well, but 
as God wills.' 

Nothing mortified Levin so much as that tone. But it was 
the tone common to all the bailiffs he had ever had. They 
had all taken up that attitude to his plans, and so now he 
was not angered by it, but mortified, and felt all the more 
roused to struggle against this, as it seemed, elemental force 
continually ranged against him, for which he could find no 
other expression than 'as God wills.' 

'If we can manage it, Konstantin Dmitritch,' said the 
bailiff. 

'Why ever shouldn't you manage it?' 

'We positively must have another fifteen labourers. And 
they don't turn up. There were some here to-day asking 
seventy roubles for the summer.' 

Levin was silent. Again he was brought face to face with 
that opposing force. He knew that however much they tried, 
they could not hire more than forty — thirty-seven perhaps or 
thirty-eight — labourers for a reasonable sum. Some forty 
had been taken on, and there were no more. But still he 
could not help struggling against it. 

'Send to Sury, to Tchefirovka; if they don't come we must 
look for them.' 

'Oh, I'll send, to be sure,' said Vassily Fedorovitch des- 
pondently. 'But there are the horses too, they're not good 
for much.' 

'We'll get some more. I know, of course,' Levin added 
laughing, 'you always want to do with as little and as poor 
quality as possible; but this year I'm not going to let you 
have things your own way. I'll see to everything myself.' 

'Why, I don't think you take much rest as it is. It cheers 
us up to work under the master's eye . . .' 

'So they're sowing clover behind the Birch Dale? I'll go 
and have a look at them,' he said, getting on to the little bay 
cob, Kolpik, who was led up by the coachman. 



AXNA KAREXIX 207 

'You can't get across the streams, Konstantin Dmitritch,' 
the coachman shouted. 

'All right, I'll go by the forest.' 

And Levin rode through the slush of the farmyard to 
the gate and out into the open country, his good little horse, 
after his long inactivity, stepping out gallantly, snorting 
over the pools, and asking, as it were, for guidance. If Levin 
had felt happy before in the cattle-pens and farmyard, he 
felt happier yet in the open country. Swaying rhythmically 
with the ambling paces of his good little cob, drinking in the 
warm yet fresh scent of the snow and the air, as he rode 
through his forest over the crumbling, wasted snow, still left 
in parts, and covered with dissolving tracks, he rejoiced 
over every tree, with the moss reviving on its bark and the 
buds swelling on its shoots. When he came out of the 
forest in the immense plain before him, his grassfields 
stretched in an unbroken carpet of green, without one bare 
place or swamp, only spotted here and there in the hollows 
with patches of melting snow. He was not put out of 
temper even by the sight of the peasants' horses and colts 
trampling down his young grass (he told a peasant he met 
to drive them out), nor by the sarcastic and stupid reply of 
the peasant Ipat, whom he met on the way, and asked, 'Well, 
Ipat, shall we soon be sowing?' 'We must get the plough- 
ing done first, Konstantin Dmitritch,' answered Ipat. The 
further he rode, the happier he became, and plans for the 
land rose to his mind each better than the last ; to plant 
all his fields with hedges along the southern borders, so 
that the snow should not lie under them; to divide them up 
into six fields of arable and three of pasture and hay; to 
build a cattle-yard at the further end of the estate, and to 
dig a pond and to construct movable pens for the cattle 
as a means of manuring the land. And then eight hun- 
dred acres of wheat, three hundred of potatoes, and four 
hundred of clover, and not one acre exhausted. 

Absorbed in such dreams, carefully keeping his horse by 
the hedges, so as not to trample his young crops, he rode up 
to the labourers who had been sent to sow clover. A cart 
with the seed in it was standing, not at the edge, but in 
the middle of the crop, and the winter-corn had been torn up 



208 LEO TOLSTOY 

by the wheels and trampled by the horse. Both the labourers 
were sitting in the hedge, probably smoking a pipe together. 
The earth in the cart, with which the seed was mixed, was 
not crushed to powder, but crusted together or adhering in 
clods. Seeing the master, the labourer, Vassily, went towards 
the cart, while Mishka set to work sowing. This was not 
as it should be, but with the labourers Levin seldom lost 
his temper. When Vassily came up, Levin told him to lead 
the horse to the hedge. 

'It's all right, sir, it'll spring up again,' responded Vassily. 

'Please don't argue,' said Levin, 'but do as you're told.' 

'Yes, sir,' answered Vassily, and he took the horse's head. 
'What a sowing, Konstantin Dmitritch,' he said, hesitating; 
'first-rate. Only it's a work to get about ! You drag a ton 
of earth on your shoes.' 

'Why is it you have earth that's not sifted?' said Levin. 

'Well, we crumble it up,' answered Vassily, taking up some 
seed and rolling the earth in his palms. 

Vassily was not to blame for their having filled up his cart 
with unsifted earth, but still it was annoying. 

Levin had more than once already tried a way he knew for 
stifling his anger, and turning all that seemed dark right 
again, and he tried that way now. He watched how Mishka 
strode along, swinging the huge clods of earth that clung 
to each foot ; and getting off his horse, he took the sieve 
from Vassily and started sowing himself. 

'Where did you stop?' 

Vassily pointed to the mark with his foot, and Levin went 
forward, as best he could, scattering the seed on the land. 
Walking was as difficult as on a bog, and by the time Levin 
had ended the row he was in a great heat, and he stopped and 
gave up the sieve to Vassily. 

'Well, master, when summer's here, mind you don't scold 
me for these rows,' said Vassily. 

'Eh?' said Levin cheerily, already feeling the effect of his 
method. 

'Why, you'll see in the summer-time. It'll look dift'erent. 
Look you where I sowed last spring. How I did work at it ! 
I do my best, Konstantin Dmitritch, d'ye see, as I would for 
my own father. I don't like bad work myself, nor would I let 



ANNA KARENIN i?09 

another man do it. What's good for the master's good for 
us too. To look out yonder now,' said Vassily, pointing, 'it 
does one's heart good.' 

'It's a lovely spring, Vassily.' 

'Why, it's a spring such as the old men don't remember the 
like of. I was up home ; an old man up there has sown wheat 
too, about an acre of it. He was saying you wouldn't know 
it from rye.' 

'Have you been sowing wheat long?' 

'Why, sir, it was you taught us the year before last. You 
gave me two measures. We sold about eight bushels and 
sowed a rood.' 

'Well, mind you crumble up the clods,' said Levin, going 
towards his horse, 'and keep an eye on Mishka. And if 
there's a good crop you shall have half a rouble for every 
acre.' 

'Humbly thankful. We are very well content, sir, as it is.' 

Levin got on his horse and rode towards the field where 
was last year's clover, and the one which was ploughed ready 
for the spring corn. 

The crop of clover coming up in the stubble was magnifi- 
cent. It had survived everything, and stood up vividly green 
through the broken stalks of last year's wheat. The horse 
sank in up to the pasterns, and he drew each hoof with a 
sucking sound out of the half-thawed ground. Over the 
ploughland riding was utterly impossible ; the horse could 
only keep a foothold where there was ice, and in the thaw- 
ing furrows he sank deep in at each step. The ploughland 
was in splendid condition ; in a couple of days it would be 
fit for harrowing and sowing. Everything was capital, every- 
thing was cheering. Levin rode back across the streams, 
hoping the water would have gone down. And he did in 
fact get across, and started two ducks. 'There must be 
snipe too,' he thought, and just as he reached the turning 
homewards he met the forest keeper, who confirmed his 
theory about the snipe. 

Levin went home at a trot, so as to have time to eat his 
dinner and get his gun ready for the evening. 



CHAPTER XIV 

AS he rode up to the house in the happiest frame of 
l\ mind, Levin heard the bell ring at the side of the 
-^-^ principal entrance of the house. 

'Yes, that's some one from the railway station,' he thought, 
'just the time to be here from the Moscow train. . , . Who 
could it be? What if it's brother Nikolay? He did say: 
"May be I'll go to the waters, or may be I'll come down to 
you." ' He felt dismayed and vexed for the first minute 
that his brother Nikolay's presence should come to disturb 
his happy mood of spring. But he felt ashamed of the feel- 
ing, and at once he opened, as it w^ere, the arms of his soul, 
and with a softened feeling of joy and expectation, now he 
hoped with all his heart that it was his brother. He pricked 
up his horse, and riding out from behind the acacias he saw 
a hired three-horse sledge from the railway station, and a 
gentleman in a fur coat. It was not his brother. 'Oh, if 
it were only some nice person one could talk to a little !' he 
thought. 

'Ah !' cried Levin joyfully, flinging up both his hands. 
'Here's a delightful visitor ! Ah, how glad I am to see you !' 
he shouted, recognising Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

'I shall find out for certain whether she's married, or when 
she's going to be married,' he thought. And on that delicious 
spring day he felt that the thought of her did not hurt him 
at all. 

'Well, you didn't expect me, eh ?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
getting out of the sledge, splashed with mud on the bridge of 
his nose, on his cheek, and on his eyebrows, but radiant with 
health and good spirits. 'I've come to see you in the first 
place,' he said, embracing and kissing him, 'to have some 
stand-shooting second, and to sell the forest at Ergushovo 
third.' 

'Delightful ! What a spring we're having ! How ever did 
you get along in a sledge?' 

210 



ANNA KARENIN 211 

'In a cart it would have been worse still, Konstantin Dmi- 
tritch,' answered the driver, who knew him. 

'Well, I'm very, very glad to see you,' said Levin, with a 
genuine smile of childlike delight. 

Levin led his friend to the room set apart for visitors, 
where Stepan Arkadyevitch's things were carried also — a 
bag, a gun in a case, a satchel for cigars. Leaving him 
there to wash and change his clothes. Levin went off to 
the counting-house to speak about the ploughing and clover. 
Agafea Mihalovna, always very anxious for the credit of 
the house, met him in the hall with inquiries about dinner. 

"Do just as you like, only let it be as soon as possible,' he 
said, and went to the bailiff. 

When he came back, Stepan Arkadyevitch, washed and 
combed, came out of his room with a beaming smile, and they 
went upstairs together. 

'Well, I am glad I managed to get away to you ! Now I 
shall understand what the mysterious business is that you 
are always absorbed in here. No, really, I envy you. What 
a house, how nice it all is ! So bright, so cheerful !' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, forgetting that it was not always 
spring and fine weather like that day. 'And your nurse is 
simply charming ! A pretty maid in an apron might be even 
more agreeable, perhaps; but for your severe monastic style 
it does very well.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch told him many interesting pieces of 
news ; especially interesting to Levin was the news that his 
brother, Sergey Ivanovitch, was intending to pay him a visit 
in the summer. 

Not one word did Stepan Arkadyevitch say in reference to 
Kitty and the Shtcherbatskys ; he merely gave him greetings 
from his wife. Levin was grateful to him for his delicacy, 
and was very glad of his visitor. As always happened with 
him during his solitude, a mass of ideas and feelings had 
been accumulating within him, which he could not commu- 
nicate to those about him. And now he poured out upon 
Stepan Arkadyevitch his poetic joy in the spring, and his 
failures and plans for the land, and his thoughts and crit- 
icisms on the books he had been reading, and the idea of his 
own book, the basis of which really was, though he was 



212 LEO TOLSTOY 

unaware of it himself, a criticism of all the old books on 
agriculture. Stepan Arkadyevitch, always charming, under- 
standing everything at the slightest reference, was particu- 
larly charming on this visit, and Levin noticed in him a 
special tenderness, as it were, and a new tone of respect that 
flattered him. 

The efforts of Agafea Mihalovna and the cook, that the 
dinner should be particularly good, only ended in the two 
famished friends attacking the preliminary course, eating a 
great deal of bread-and-butter, salt goose and salted mush- 
rooms, and in Levin's finally ordering the soup to be served 
without the accompaniment of little pies, with which the cook 
had particularly meant to impress their visitor. But though 
Stepan Arkadyevitch was accustomed to very different din- 
ners, he thought everything excellent: the herb-brandy, and 
the bread, and the butter, and above all the salt goose and 
the mushrooms, and the nettle soup, and the chicken in white 
sauce, and the white Crimean wine — everything was superb 
and delicious. 

'Splendid, splendid !' he said, lighting a fat cigar after the 
roast. 'I feel as if, coming to you, I had landed on a peace- 
ful shore after the noise and jolting of a steamer. And so 
you maintain that the labourer himself is an element to be 
studied and to regulate the choice of methods in agriculture. 
Of course, I'm an ignorant outsider; but I should fancy 
theory and its application will have its influence on the 
labourer too.' 

'Yes, but wait a bit. I'm not talking of political economy. 
I'm talking of the science of agriculture. It ought to be like 
the natural sciences, and to observe given phenomena and the 
labourer in his economic, ethnographical . . .' 

At that instant Agafea Mihalovna came in with jam. 

'Oh, Agafea Mihalovna,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, kiss- 
ing the tips of his plump fingers, 'what salt goose, what herb- 
brandy ! . . . What do you think, isn't it time to start, 
Kostya?' he added. 

Levin looked out of window at the sun sinking behind the 
bare tree-tops of the forest. 

'Yes, it's time,' he said. 'Kouzma, get ready the trap,' 
and he ran downstairs. 



ANNA KARENIN 213 

Stepan Arkadyevitch, going down, carefully took the can- 
vas cover off his varnished gun-case with his own hands, 
and opening it, began to get ready his expensive new-fash- 
ioned gun. Kouzma, who already scented a big tip, never 
left Stepan Arkadyevitch's side, and put him on both his 
stockings and boots, a task which Stepan Arkadyevitch 
readily left him. 

'Kostya, give orders that if the merchant Ryabinin comes 
... I told him to come to-day, he's to be brought in and to 
wait for me . . .' 

'Why, do you mean to say you're selling the forest to 
Ryabinin?' 

'Yes. Do you know him?' 

'To be sure I do, I have had to do business with him, 
"positively and conclusively." ' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch laughed. 'Positively and conclusively' 
were the merchant's favourite words. 

'Yes, it's wonderfully funny the way he talks. She knows 
where her master's going !' he added, patting Laska, who 
hung about Levin, whining and licking his hands, his boots, 
and his gun. 

The trap was already at the steps when they went out. 

'I told them to bring the trap round ; or would you rather 
walk ?' 

'No, we'd better drive,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, getting 
into the trap. He sat down, tucked the tiger-skin rug round 
him, and lighted a cigar. 'How is it you don't smoke? A 
cigar is a sort of thing, not exactly a pleasure, but the crown 
and outward sign of pleasure. Come, this is life ! How 
splendid it is ! This is how I should like to live !' 

'Why, who prevents you?' said Levin, smiling. 

'No, you're a lucky man ! You've got everything you like. 
You like horses — and you have them ; dogs — you have them ; 
shooting — you have it ; farming — you have it.' 

'Perhaps because I rejoice in what I have, and don't fret 
for what I haven't,' said Levin, thinking of Kitty. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch comprehended, looked at him, but 
said nothing. 

Levin was grateful to Oblonsky for noticing, with his 
never-failing tact, that he dreaded conversation about the 



214 LEO TOLSTOY 

Shtcherbatskys, and so saying nothing about them. But now 
Levin was longing to find out what was tormenting him so, 
yet he had not the courage to begin. 

'Come, tell me how things are going with you,' said Levin, 
bethinking himself that it was not nice of him to think only 
of himself. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch's eyes sparkled merrily. 

'You don't admit, I know, that one can be fond of new rolls 
when one has had one's rations of bread — to your mind it's 
a crime ; but I don't count life as life without love,' he said, 
taking Levin's question in his own way. 'What am I to do? 
I'm made that way. And really, one does so little harm to 
any one, and gives oneself so much pleasure . . .' 

'What ! is there something new, then ?' queried Levin. 

'Yes, my boy, there is ! There, do you see, you know the 
type of Ossian's women . . . Women, such as one sees in 
dreams . . . Well, these women are sometimes to be met in 
reality . . . and these women are terrible. Woman, don't 
you know, is such a subject that however much you study it, 
it's always perfectly new.' 

'Well, then, it would be better not to study it.' 

'No. Some mathematician has said that enjoyment lies in 
the search for truth, not in the finding it.' 

Levin listened in silence, and in spite of all the efforts he 
made, he could not in the least enter into the feelings of 
his friend and understand his sentiments and the charm of 
studying such women. 



CHAPTER XV 

THE place fixed on for the stand-shooting was not far 
above a stream in a little aspen copse. On reaching the 
copse, Levin got out of the trap and led Oblonsky to 
a corner of a mossy, swampy glade; already quite free from 
snow. He went back himself to a double birch-tree on the 
other side, and leaning his gun on the fork of a dead lower 
branch, he took off his full overcoat, fastened his belt again, 
and worked his arms to see if they were free. 

Grey old Laska, who had followed them, sat down warily 
opposite him and pricked up her ears. The sun was setting 
behind a thick forest, and in the glow of sunset the birch- 
trees, dotted about in the aspen copse, stood out clearly with 
their hanging twigs, and their buds swollen almost to bursting. 

From the thickest parts of the copse, where the snow 
still remained, came the faint sound of narrow winding 
threads of water running away. Tiny birds twittered, and 
now and then fluttered from tree to tree. 

In the pauses of complete stillness there came the rustle of 
last year's leaves, stirred by the thawing of the earth and the 
growth of the grass. 

'Imagine ! One can hear and see the grass growing !' Levin 
said to himself, noticing a wet, slate-coloured aspen leaf 
moving beside a blade of young grass. He stood, listened, 
and gazed sometimes down at the wet mossy ground, some- 
times at Laska listening all alert, sometimes at the sea of 
bare tree-tops that stretched on the slope below him, some- 
times at the darkening sky, covered with white streaks of 
cloud. 

A hawk flew high over a forest far away with slow sweep 
of its wings; another flew with exactly the same motion in 
the same direction and vanished. The birds twittered more 
and more loudly and busily in the thicket. An owl hooted 
not far ofif, and Laska, starting, stepped cautiously a few 
steps forward, and putting her head on one side, began to 

215 



216 LEO TOLSTOY 

listen intently. Beyond the stream was heard the cuckoo. 
Twice she uttered her. usual cuckoo-call, and then gave a 
hoarse, hurried call and broke down. 

'Imagine ! the cuckoo already !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
coming out from behind a bush. 

'Yes, I hear it,' answered Levin, reluctantly breaking the 
stillness with his voice, which sounded disagreeable to him- 
self. 'Now it's coming!' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch's figure again went behind the bush, 
and Levin saw nothing but the bright flash of a match, fol- 
lowed by the red glow and blue smoke of a cigarette. 

'Tchk ! tchk !' came the snapping sound of Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch cocking his gun. 

'What's that cry?' asked Oblonsky, drawing Levin's atten- 
tion to a prolonged cry, as though a colt were whinnying in 
a high voice, in play. 

'Oh, don't you know it? That's the hare. But enough 
talking ! Listen, it's flying !' almost shrieked Levin, cocking 
his gun. 

They heard a shrill whistle in the distance, and in the 
exact time, so well-known to the sportsman, two seconds 
later — another, a third, and after the third whistle the hoarse, 
guttural cry could be heard. 

Levin looked about him to right and to left, and there, just 
facing him against the dusky blue sky above the confused 
mass of tender shoots of the aspens, he saw the flying bird. 
It was flying straight towards him ; the guttural cry, like the 
even tearing of some strong stuff, sounded close to his ear; 
the long beak and neck of the bird could be seen, and at 
the very instant when Levin was taking aim, behind the 
bush where Oblonsky stood, there was a flash of red light- 
ning : the bird dropped like an arrow, and darted upwards 
again. Again came the red flash and the sound of a blow, 
and fluttering its wings as though trying to keep up in the 
air, the bird halted, stopped still an instant, and fell with a 
heavy splash on the slushy ground. 

'Can I have missed it?' shouted Stepan Arkadyevitch, who 
could not see for the smoke. 

'Here it is !' said Levin, pointing to Laska, who with one 
ear raised, wagging the end of her shaggy tail, came slowly 



AXXA KARENIN 217 

back as though she would prolong the pleasure, and as it 
were smiling, brought the dead bird to her master. 'Well, 
I'm glad you were successful,' said Levin, who, at the same 
time, had a sense of envy that he had not succeeded in 
shooting the snipe. 

'It was a bad shot from the right barrel,' responded Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, loading his gun. 'Sh . . . it's flying !' 

The shrill whistles rapidly following one another were 
heard again. Two snipe, playing and chasing one another, 
and only whistling, not crying, flew straight at the very 
heads of the sportsmen. There was the report of four shots, 
and like swallows the snipe turned swift somersaults in the 
air and vanished from sight. 

The stand-shooting was capital. Stepan Arkadyevitch shot 
two more birds and Levin two, of which one was not found. 
It began to get dark. Venus, bright and silvery, shone with 
her soft light low down in the west behind the birch-trees, 
and high up in the east twinkled the red lights of Arcturus. 
Over his head Levin made out the stars of the Great Bear 
and lost them again. The snipe had ceased flying; but 
Levin resolved to stay a little longer, till Venus, which he 
saw below a branch of birch, should be above it, and the 
stars of the Great Bear should be perfectly plain. Venus 
had risen above the branch, and the car of the Great Bear 
with its shaft was now all plainly visible against the dark 
blue sky, yet still he waited. 

'Isn't it time to go home?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

It was quite still now in the copse, and not a bird was 
stirring. 

'Let's stay a little while,' answered Levin. 

'As you like.' 

They were standing now about fifteen paces from one 
another. 

'Stiva!' said Levin unexpectedly; "how is it you don't tell 
me whether your sister-in-law's married yet, or when she's 
going to be?' 

Levin felt so resolute and serene that no answer, he 
fancied, could affect him. But he had never dreamed of what 
Stepan Arkadyevitch replied. 



218 LEO TOLSTOY 

'She's never thought of being married, and isn't thinking 
of it ; but she's very ill, and the doctors have sent her abroad. 
They're positively afraid she may not live.' 

'What!' cried Levin. 'Very ill? What is wrong with her? 
How has she . . . ?' 

While they were saying this, Laska, with ears pricked up, 
was looking upwards at the sky, and reproachfully at them. 

'They have chosen a time to talk,' she was thinking. 'It's 
on the wing . . . Here it is, yes it is. They'll miss it,' 
thought Laska. 

But at that very instant both suddenly heard a shrill 
whistle which, as it were, smote on their ears, and both 
suddenly seized their guns and two flashes gleamed, and two 
bangs sounded at the very same instant. The snipe flying 
high above instantly folded its wangs and fell into a thicket, 
bending down the delicate shoots. 

'Splendid ! Together !' cried Levin, and he ran with Laska 
into the thicket to look for the snipe. 

'Oh yes, what was it that was unpleasant?' he wondered. 
'Yes, Kitty's ill. . . . Well, it can't be helped; I'm very 
sorry,^ he thought. 

'She's found it ! Isn't she a clever thing !' he said, taking 
the warm bird from Laska's mouth and packing it into the 
almost full game-bag. 'I've got it, Stiva !' he shouted. 



CHAPTER XVI 

ON the way home Levin asked all details of Kitty's ill- 
ness and the Shtcherbatskys' plans, and though he 
would have been ashamed to admit it, he was pleased 
at what he heard. He was pleased that there was still hope, 
and still more pleased that she should be suffering who had 
made him suffer so much. But when Stepan Arkadyevitch 
began to speak of the causes of Kitty's illness, and men- 
tioned Vronsky's name, Levin cut him short. 

'I have no right whatever to know family matters, and, 
to tell the truth, no interest in them either.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled hardly perceptibly, catching 
the instantaneous change he knew so well in Levin's face, 
which had become as gloomy as it had been bright a minute 
before. 

'Have you quite settled about the forest with Ryabinin?' 
asked Levin. 

'Yes, it's settled. The price is magnificent; thirty-eight 
thousand. Eight straight away, and the rest in six years. 
I've been bothering about it for ever so long. No one 
would give more.' 

'Then you've as good as given away your forest for noth- 
ing,' said Levin gloomily. 

'How do you mean for nothing ?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch 
with a good-humoured smile, knowing that nothing would 
be right in Levin's eyes now. 

'Because the forest is worth at least a hundred and fifty 
roubles the acre,' answered Levin. 

'Oh, these farmers!' said Stepan Arkadyevitch playfully. 
'Your tone of contempt for us poor townsfolk ! . . . But 
when it comes to business, we do it better than any one. I 
assure you I have reckoned it all out,' he said, 'and the 
forest is fetching a very good price — so much so that I'm 
afraid of this fellow's crying off, in fact. You know it's 
not "timber," ' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, hoping by this 

219 



220 LEO TOLSTOY 

distinction to convince Levin completely of the unfairness 
of his doubts. 'And it won't run to more than twenty-five 
yards of fagots per acre, and he's giving me at the rate of 
seventy roubles the acre.' 

Levin smiled contemptuously. 'I know,' he thought, 'that 
fashion not only in him, but in all city people, who, after 
being twice in ten years in the country, pick up two or three 
phrases and use them in season and out of season, firmly 
persuaded that they know all about it. "Timber, run to so 
many yards the acre." ' He says those words without under- 
standing them himself. 

'I wouldn't attempt to teach you what you write about in 
your office,' said he, 'and if need arose, I should come to 
you to ask about it. But you're so positive you know all 
the lore of the forest. It's difficult. Have you counted 
the trees?' 

'How count the trees?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, laughing, 
still trying to draw his friend out of his ill-temper. 'Count 
the sands of the sea, number the stars. Some higher power 
might do it.' 

'Oh, well, the higher power of Ryabinin can. Not a single 
merchant ever buys a forest without counting the trees, 
unless they get it given them for nothing, as you're doing 
now, I know your forest. I go there every year shooting, 
and your forest's worth a hundred and fifty roubles an 
acre paid down, while he's giving you sixty by instalments. 
So that in fact you're making him a present of thirty 
thousand.' 

'Come, don't let your imagination run away with you,' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch piteously. 'Why was it none would 
give it, then ?' 

'Why, because he has an understanding with the merchants ; 
he's bought them off. I've had to do with all of them; I 
know them. They're not merchants, you know ; they're 
speculators. He wouldn't look at a bargain that gave him 
ten, fifteen per cent, profit, but holds back to buy a rouble's 
worth for twenty copecks.' 

'Well, enough of it ! You're out of temper,' 

'Not the least,' said Levin gloomily, as they drove up to 
the house. 



ANNA KARENIN 221 

At the steps there stood a trap tightly covered with iron 
and leather, with a sleek horse tightly harnessed with broad 
collar-straps. In the trap sat the chubby, tightly belted 
clerk who served Ryabinin as coachman. Ryabinin himself 
was already in the house, and met the friends in the hall. 
Ryabinin was a tall, thinnish, middle-aged man, with mous- 
tache and a projecting clean-shaven chin, and prominent 
muddy-looking eyes. He was dressed in a long-skirted blue 
coat, with buttons below the waist at the back, and wore high 
boots wrinkled over the ankles and straight over the calf, 
with big goloshes drawn over them. He rubbed his face with 
his handkerchief, and wrapping round him his coat, which sat 
extremely well as it was, he greeted them with a smile, hold- 
ing out his hand to Stepan Arkadyevitch, as though he 
wanted to catch something. 

'So here you are,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, giving him his 
hand. 'That's capital.' 

'I did not venture to disregard your excellency's commands, 
though the road was extremely bad. I positively walked the 
whole way, but I am here at my time. Konstantin Dmitritch, 
my respects' ; he turned to Levin, trying to seize his hand 
too. But Levin scowling, made as though he did not notice 
his hand, and took out the snipe. 'Your honours have been 
diverting yourselves with the chase ? What kind of bird may 
it be, pray?' added Ryabinin, looking contemptuously at the 
snipe : 'a great delicacy, I suppose.' And he shook his head 
disapprovingly, as though he had grave doubts whether this 
game were worth the candle. 

'Would you like to go into my study?' Levin said in 
French to Stepan Arkadyevitch, scowling morosely. 'Go into 
my study ; you can talk there.' 

'Quite so, where you please,' said Ryabinin with con- 
temptuous dignity, as though wishing to make it felt that 
others might be in difficulties as to how to behave, but that 
he could never be in any difficulty about anything. 

On entering the study Ryabinin looked about, as his habit 
was, as though seeking the holy picture, but when he had 
found it, he did not cross himself. He scanned the bookcases 
and bookshelves, and with the same dubious air with which 
he had regarded the snipe, he smiled contemptuously and 



c552y*¥^^'ARDS DR. 
SANTA ROSA, CA 85405 



223 LEO TOLSTOY 

shook his head disapprovingly, as though by no means will- 
ing to allow that this game were worth the candle. 

'Well, have you brought the money?' asked Oblonsky. 
'Sit down.' 

'Oh, don't trouble about the money. I've come to see you 
to talk it over.' 

'What is there to talk over? But do sit down.' 

'I don't mind if I do,' said Ryabinin, sitting down and 
leaning his elbows on the back of his chair in a position of 
the intensest discomfort to himself. 'You must knock it 
down a bit, prince. It would be too bad. The money is 
ready conclusively to the last farthing. As to paying the 
money down, there'll be no hitch there.' 

Levin, who had meanwhile been putting his gun away in 
the cupboard, was just going out of the door, but catching 
the merchant's words, he stopped. 

'Why, you got the forest for nothing as it is,' he said. 
'He came to me too late, or I'd have fixed the price for him.' 

Ryabinin got up, and in silence, with a smile, he looked 
Levin down and up. 

'Very close about money is Konstantin Dmitritch,' he said 
with a smile, turning to Stepan Arkadyevitch : 'there's posi- 
tively no dealing with him. I was bargaining for some 
wheat of him, and a pretty price I offered too.' 

'Why should I give you my goods for nothing? I didn't 
pick it up on the ground, nor steal it either.' 

'Mercy on us ! nowadays there's no chance at all of steal- 
ing. With the open courts and everything done in style, 
nowadays there's no question of stealing. We are just talk- 
ing things over like gentlemen. His excellency's asking too 
much for the forest. I can't make both ends meet over it. 
I must ask for a little concession.' 

'But is the thing settled between you or not? If it's 
settled, it's useless haggling; but it it's not,' said Levin, 'I'll 
buy the forest.' 

The smile vanished at once from Ryabinin's face. A 
hawklike, greedy, cruel expression was left upon it. With 
rapid, bony fingers he unbuttoned his coat, revealing a shirt, 
bronze waistcoat buttons, and a watch-chain, and quickly 
pulled out a fat old pocket-book. 



ANXA KARENIN 223 

'Here you are, the forest is mine,' he said, crossing himself 
quickly, and holding out his hand. 'Take the money; it's 
my forest. That's Ryabinin's way of doing business; he 
doesn't haggle over every halfpenny,' he added, scowling 
and waving the pocket-book. 

'I wouldn't be in a hurry if I were you,' said Levin. 

'Come, really,' said Oblonsky in surprise, 'I've given my 
word, you know.' 

Levin went out of the room, slamming the door. Ryabinin 
looked towards the door and shook his head with a smile. 

'It's all youthfulness — positively nothing but boyishness. 
Why, I'm buying it, upon my honour, simply, believe me, for 
the glory of it, that Ryabinin, and no one else, should have 
bought the copse of Oblonsky. And as to the profits, why, 
I must make what God gives. In God's name. If you would 
kindly sign the title-deed . . .' 

Within an hour the merchant stroking his big overcoat 
neatly down, and hooking up his jacket, with the agreement 
in his pocket, seated himself in his tightly covered trap, and 
drove homewards. 

'Ugh, these gentlefolks!' he said to the clerk. They — 
they're a nice lot !' 

'That's so,' responded the clerk, handing him the reins and 
buttoning the leather apron. 'But can I congratulate you on 
the purchase, Mihail Ignatitch?' 

'Well, well. . . .' 



CHAPTER XVII 

STEPAN ARKADYEVITCH went upstairs with his 
pocket bulging with notes, which the merchant had 
paid him for three months in advance. The business 
of the forest was over, the money in his pocket; their 
shooting had been excellent, and Stepan Arkadyevitch was 
in the happiest frame of mind, and so he felt specially 
anxious to dissipate the ill-humour that had come upon 
Levin. He wanted to finish the day at supper as pleasantly 
as it had been begun. 

Levin certainly was out of humour, and in spite of all his 
desire to be affectionate and cordial to his charming visitor, 
he could not control his mood. The intoxication of the news 
that Kitty was not married had gradually begun to work 
upon him. 

Kitty was not married, but ill, and ill from love for a man 
who had slighted her. This slight, as it were, rebounded 
upon him. Vronsky had slighted her, and she had slighted 
him. Levin. Consequently Vronsky had the right to despise 
Levin, and therefore he was his enemy. But all this Levin 
did not think out. He vaguely felt that there was something 
in it insulting to him, and he was not angry now at what had 
disturbed him, but he fell foul of everything that presented 
itself. The stupid sale of the forest, the fraud practised upon 
Oblonsky and concluded in his house, exasperated him. 

'Well, finished?' he said, meeting Stepan Arkadyevitch 
upstairs. 'Would you like supper?' 

'Well, I wouldn't say no to it. What an appetite I get in 
the country ! Wonderful ! Why didn't you offer Ryabinin 
something?' 

'Oh, damn him !' 

'Still, how do you treat him !' said Oblonsky. 'You didn't 
even shake hands with him. Why not shake hands with 
him?' 

224 



ANNA KARENIN 225 

'Because I don't shake hands with a waiter, and a waiter's 
a hundred times better than he is.' 

'What a reactionist you are, really ! What about the 
amalgamation of classes?' said Oblonsky. 

'Any one who likes amalgamating is welcome to it, but it 
sickens me.' 

'You're a regular reactionist, I see.' 

'Really, I have never considered what I am. I am Kon- 
stantin Levin, and nothing else.' 

'And Konstantin Levin very much out of temper,' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, smiling. 

'Yes, I am out of temper, and do you know why ? Because 
— excuse me — of your stupid sale. . . .' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch frowned good-humouredly, like one 
who feels himself teased and attacked for no fault of his own. 

'Come, enough about it !' he said. 'When did anybody 
ever sell anything without being told immediately after the 
sale, "It was worth much more" ? But when one wants to 
sell, no one will give anything. . . . No, I see you've a 
grudge against that unlucky Ryabinin.' 

'May be I have. And do you know why? You'll say 
again that I'm a reactionist, or some other terrible word; 
but all the same it does annoy and anger me to see on all 
sides the impoverishing of the nobility to which I belong, 
and, in spite of the amalgamation of classes, I'm glad to 
belong. And their impoverishment is not due to extrava- 
gance — that would be nothing; living in good style — that's 
the proper thing for noblemen : it's only the nobles who 
know how to do it. Now the peasants about us buy land, 
and I don't mind that. The gentleman does nothing, while 
the peasant works and supplants the idle man. That's as 
it ought to be. And I'm very glad for the peasant. But 
I do mind seeing the process of impoverishment from a sort 
of — I don't know what to call it — innocence. Here a 
Polish speculator bought for half its value a magnificent 
estate from a young lady who lives in Nice. And there a 
merchant will get three acres of land, worth ten roubles, 
as security for the loan of one rouble. Here, for no 
kind of reason, you've made that rascal a present of thirty 
thousand roubles.' 



226 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Well, what should I have done? Count every tree?' 

'Of course, they must be counted. You didn't count them, 
but Ryabinin did. Ryabinin's children will have means of 
livelihood and education, while yours may be will not!' 

'Well, you must excuse me, but there's something mean in 
this counting. We have our business and they have theirs, 
and they must make their profit. Anyway, the thing's done, 
and there's an end of it. And here come some poached eggs, 
my favourite dish. And Agafea Mihalovna will give us 
that marvellous herb-brandy. . . .' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch sat down at the table and began 
joking with Agafea Mihalovna, assuring her that it was long 
since he had tasted such a dinner and such a supper. 

'Well, you do praise it, anyway,' said Agafea Mihalovna, 
'but Konstantin Dmitritch, give him what you will — a crust 
of bread — he'll eat it and walk away.' 

Though Levin tried to control himself, he was gloomy and 
silent. He wanted to put one question to Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch, but he could not bring himself to the point, and 
could not find the words or the moment in which to put it. 
Stepan Arkadyevitch had gone down to his room, undressed, 
again washed, and attired in a night-shirt with goffered 
frills he had got into bed, but Levin still lingered in his 
room, talking of various trifling matters, and not daring 
to ask what he wanted to know. 

'How wonderfully they make this soap,' he said, gazing at 
a piece of soap he was handling, which Agafea Mihalovna 
had put ready for the visitor but Oblonsky had not used. 
'Only look; why, it's a work of art.' 

'Yes, everything's brought to such a pitch of perfection 
nowadays,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, with a moist and 
blissful yawn. 'The theatre, for instance, and the entertain- 
ments . . . a-a-a !' he yawned. 'The electric light every- 
where . . . a-a-a !' 

'Yes, the electric light,' said Levin. 'Yes. Oh, and 
Where's Vronsky now?' he asked suddenly, laying down the 
soap. 

'Vronsky?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, checking his yawn; 
'he's in Petersburg. He left soon after you did, and he's 
not once been in Moscow since. And do you know, Kostya, 



ANNA KARENIN 22T 

I'll tell you the truth,' he went on, leaning his elbow on the 
table, and propping on his hand his handsome ruddy face, 
in which his moist, good-natured, sleepy eyes shone like 
stars. 'It's your own fault. You took fright at the sight 
of your rival. But, as I told you at the time, I couldn't 
say which had the better chance. Why didn't you fight 
it out? I told you at the time that . . . ' He yawned 
inwardly, without opening his mouth. 

'Does he know, or doesn't he, that I did make an offer?' 
Levin wondered, gazing at him. 'Yes, there's something 
humbugging, diplomatic in his face,' and feeling he was 
blushing, he looked Stepan Arkadyevitch straight in the face 
without speaking. 

'If there was anything on her side at that time, it was 
nothing but a superficial attraction,' pursued Oblonsky. 
'His being such a perfect aristocrat, don't you know, and 
his future position in society, had an influence not with her, 
but with her mother.' 

Levin scowled. The humiliation of his rejection stung him 
to the heart, as though it were a fresh w^ound he had only 
just received. But he was at home, and the walls of home 
are a support. 

'Stay, stay,' he began, interrupting Oblonsky. 'You talk 
of his being an aristocrat. But allow me to ask what it 
consists in. that aristocracy of Vronsky or of anybody else, 
beside which I can be looked down upon? You consider 
Vronsky an aristocrat, but I don't. A man whose father 
crawled up from nothing at all by intrigue, and w'hose 
mother — God knows whom she wasn't mixed up with. . . . 
No, excuse me, but I consider myself aristocratic, and 
people like me, who can point back in the past to three or 
four honourable generations of their family, of the highest 
degree of breeding (talent and intellect, of course that's 
another matter), and have never curried favour with any 
one, never depended on any one for anything, like my 
father and my grandfather. And I know many such. You 
think it mean of me to count the trees in my forest, while 
you make Ryabinin a present of thirty thousand ; but you 
get rents from your lands and I don't know what, while 
I don't, and so I prize what's come to me from my ancestors 



228 LEO TOLSTOY 

or been won by hard work. . . . We are aristocrats, and 
not those who can only exist by favour of the powerful 
of this world, and who can be bought for twopence half- 
penny.' 

'Well, but whom are you attacking? I agree with you,' 
said Stepan Arkadyevitch, sincerely and genially ; though he 
was aware that in the class of those who could be bought 
for twopence halfpenny Levin was reckoning him too. 
Levin's warmth gave him genuine pleasure. 'Whom are 
you attacking? Though a good deal is not true that you 
say about Vronsky, but I won't talk about that. I tell you 
straight out, if I were you, I should go back with me to 
Moscow, and . . .' 

'No ; I don't know whether you know it or not, but I don't 
care. And I tell you — I did make an offer and was rejected, 
and Katerina Alexandrovna is nothing now to me but a 
painful and humiliating reminiscence.' 

'What ever for? What nonsense!' 

'But we won't talk about it. Please forgive me, if I've 
been nasty,' said Levin. Now that he had opened his 
heart, he became as he had been in the morning. 'You're 
not angry with me, Stiva? Please don't be angry,' he said, 
and smiling, he took his hand. 

'Of course not ; not a bit. and no reason to be. I'm glad 
we've spoken openly. And do you know, stand-shooting in 
the morning is usually good — why not go ? I couldn't sleep 
the night anyway, but I might go straight from shooting 
to the station.' 

'Capital.' 



CHAPTER XVIII 

ALTHOUGH all Vronsky's inner life was absorbed in 
/-\ his passion, his external life unalterably and inev- 
-^-^ itably followed along the old accustomed lines of his 
social and regimental ties and interests. The interest of his 
regiment took an important place in Vronsky's life, both 
because he was fond of the regiment, and because the regi- 
ment was fond of him. They were not only fond of Vronsky 
in his regiment, they respected him too, and were proud of 
him, proud that this man, with his immense wealth, his bril- 
liant education and abilities, and the path open before him to 
every kind of success, distinction, and ambition, had dis- 
regarded all that, and of all the interests of life had the 
interests of his regiment and his comrades nearest to his 
heart, Vronsky was aware of his comrades' view of him, 
and in addition to his liking for the life, he felt bound to 
keep up that reputation. 

It need not be said that he did not speak of his love to 
any of his comrades, nor did he betray his secret even in 
the wildest drinking bouts (though indeed he was never 
so drunk as to lose all control of himself). And he shut up 
any of his thoughtless comrades who attempted to allude to 
his connection. But in spite of that, his love was known to 
all the town ; every one guessed with more or less confidence 
at his relations with Madame Karenin. The majority of the 
younger men envied him for just what was the most irksome 
factor in his love — the exalted position of Karenin, and the 
consequent publicity of their connection in society. 

The greater number of the young women, who envied 
Anna and had long been weary of hearing her called 
virtuous, rejoiced at the fulfillment of their predictions, 
and were only waiting for a decisive turn in public opinion 
to fall upon her with all the weight of their scorn. They were 
already making ready handfuls of mud to fling at her when 
the right moment arrived. The greater number of the mid- 
229 



230 LEO TOLSTOY 

die-aged people and certain great personages were displeased 
at the prospect of the impending scandal in society. 

Vronsky's mother, on hearing of his connection, was at 
first pleased at it, because nothing to her mind gave such a 
finishing-touch to a brilliant young man as a liaison in the 
highest society; she was pleased, too, that Madame Karenin, 
who had so taken her fancy, and had talked so much of her 
son, was, after all, just like all other pretty and well-bred 
women, — at least according to the Countess Vronsky's ideas. 
But she had heard of late that her son had refused a 
position offered him of great importance to his career, simply 
in order to remain in the regiment, where he could be con- 
stantly seeing Madame Karenin. She learned that great 
personages were displeased with him on this account, and 
she changed her opinion. She was vexed, too, that from 
all she could learn of this connection it was not that bril- 
liant, graceful, worldly liaison which she would have wel- 
comed, but a sort of Werterish, desperate passion, so she 
was told, which might well lead him into imprudence. She 
had not seen him since his abrupt departure from Moscow, 
and she sent her elder son to bid him come to see her. 

This elder son too was displeased with his younger brother. 
He did not distinguish what sort of love his might be, big 
or little, passionate or passionless, lasting or passing (he 
kept a ballet-girl himself, though he was the father of a 
family, so he was not disposed to be severe on that score), 
but he knew that this love-affair was viewed with dis- 
pleasure by those whom it was necessary to please, and 
therefore he did not approve of his brother's conduct. 

Besides the service and society, Vronsky had another great 
interest — horses; he was passionately fond of horses. 

That year races and a steeplechase had been arranged for 
the officers. Vronsky had put his name down, bought a 
thoroughbred English mare, and in spite of his love-affair, 
he was looking forward to the races with intense, though 
reserved excitement. . . . 

These two passions did not interfere with one another. 
On the contrary, he needed occupation and distraction 
quite apart from his love, so as to recruit and rest himself 
from the violent emotions that agitated him. 



1 



CHAPTER XIX 

ON the day of the races at Krasnoe Selo, Vronsky had 
come earlier than usual to eat beefsteak in the com- 
mon mess-room of the regiment. He had no need 
to be strict with himself, as he had very quickly been 
brought down to the required light weight; but still he had 
to avoid gaining flesh, and so he eschewed farinaceous and 
sweet dishes. He sat with his coat unbuttoned over a white 
waistcoat, resting both elbows on the table, and while wait- 
ing for the steak he had ordered he looked at a French 
novel that lay open on his plate. He was only looking at 
the book to avoid conversation with the officers coming in 
and out; he was thinking. 

He was thinking of Anna's promise to see him that day 
after the races. But he had not seen her for three days, 
and as her husband had just returned from abroad, he did 
not know whether she would be able to meet him to-day 
or not, and he did not know how to find out. He had 
had his last interview with her at his cousin Betsy's summer 
villa. He visited the Karenins' summer villa as rarely as 
possible. Now he wanted to go there, and he pondered the 
question how to do it. 

'Of course I shall say Betsy has sent me to ask whether 
she's coming to the races. Of course, I'll go,' he decided, 
lifting his head from the book. And as he vividly pictured 
the happiness of seeing her, his face lighted up. 

'Send to my house, and tell them to have out the carriage 
and three horses as quick as they can,' he said to the servant, 
who handed him the steak on a hot silver dish, and moving 
the dish up he began eating. 

From the billiard-room next door came the sound of balls 
knocking, of talk and laughter. Two officers appeared at 
the entrance-door: one, a young fellow, with a feeble, deli- 
cate face, who had lately joined the regiment from the 

231 



233 LEO TOLSTOY 

Corps of Pages; the other, a plump, elderly officer, with a 
bracelet on his wrist, and little eyes, lost in fat. 

Vronsky glanced at them, frowned, and looking down at 
his book as though he had not noticed them, he proceeded 
to eat and read at the same time. 

'What? Fortifying yourself for your work?' said the 
plump officer, sitting down beside him. 

'As you see,' responded Vronsky, knitting his brows, 
wiping his mouth, and not looking at the officer, 

'So you're not afraid of getting fat?' said the latter 
turning a chair round for the young officer. 

'What?' said Vronsky angrily, making a wry face of 
disgust, and showing his even teeth. 

'You're not afraid of getting fat?' 

'Waiter, sherry!' said Vronsky, without replying, and 
moving the book to the other side of him, he went on 
reading. 

The plump officer took up the list of wines and turned to 
the young officer. 

'You choose what we're to drink,' he said, handing him 
the card, and looking at him. 

'Rhine wine, please,' said the young officer, stealing a timid 
glance at Vronsky, and trying to pull his scarcely visible 
moustache. Seeing that Vronsky did not turn round, the 
young officer got up. 

'Let's go into the billiard-room,' he said. 

The plump officer rose submissively, and they moved 
towards the door. 

At that moment there walked into the room the tall and 
well-built Captain Yashvin. Nodding with an air of lofty 
contempt to the two officers, he went up to Vronsky. 

'Ah ! here he is !' he cried, bringing his big hand down 
heavily on his epaulet. Vronsky looked round angrily, but 
his face lighted up immediately with his characteristic 
expression of genial and manly serenity. 

'That's it, Alexey,' said the captain, in his loud baritone. 
'You must just eat a mouthful, now, and drink only one 
tiny glass.' 

'Oh, I'm not hungry.' 

'There go the inseparables,' Yashvin dropped, glancing 



ANNA KAREXIX 233 

sarcastically at the two officers who were at that instant leav- 
ing the room. And he bent his long legs, swathed in tight 
riding-breeches, and sat down in the chair, too low for him, 
so that his knees were cramped up in a sharp angle. 

'Why didn't you turn up at the Red Theatre yesterday? 
Numerova wasn't at all bad. Where were you ?' 

"I was late at the Tverskoys,' said Vronsky. 

'Ah !' responded Yashvin. 

Yashvin, a gambler and a rake, a man not merely without 
moral principles, but of immoral principles, Yashvin was 
Vronsky's greatest friend in the regiment. Vronsky liked 
him both for his exceptional physical strength, whicli he 
showed for the most part by being able to drink like a fish, 
and do without sleep without being in the slightest degree 
affected by it ; and for his great strength of character, which 
he showed in his relations with his comrades and superior 
officers, commanding both fear and respect, and also at cards, 
when he would play for tens of thousands, and however much 
he might have drunk, always with such skill and decision, that 
he was reckoned the best player in the English Club. Vronsky 
respected and liked Yashvin particularly because he felt 
Yashvin liked him, not for his name and his money, but for 
himself. And of all men he was the only one with whom 
Vronsky would have liked to speak of his love. He felt that 
Yashvin, in spite of his apparent contempt for every sort of 
feeling, was the only man who could, so he fancied, compre- 
hend the intense passion which now filled his whole life. 
Moreover, he felt certain that Yashvin, as it was, took no 
delight in gossip and scandal, and interpreted his feeling 
rightly, that is to say, knew and believed that this passion was 
not a jest, not a pastime, but something more serious and 
important. 

Vronsky had never spoken to him of his passion, but he 
was aware that he knew all about it, and that he put the 
right interpretation on it, and he was glad to see that in 
his eyes. 

'Ah ! yes,' he said, to the announcement that Vronsky 
had been at the Tverskoys' ; and his black eyes shining, he 
plucked at his left moustache, and began twisting it into his 
mouth, a bad habit he had. 

P-9 



334 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Well, and what did you do yesterday? Win anything?' 
asked Vronsky. 

'Eight thousand. But three don't count ; he won't pay up.' 

"Oh, then you can afford to lose over me,' said Vronsky, 
laughing. (Yashvin had betted heavily on Vronsky in the 
races.) 

'No chance of my losing. Mahotin's the only one that's 
risky.' 

And the conversation passed to forecasts of the coming 
race, the only thing Vronsky could think of just now. 

'Come along, I've finished,' said Vronsky, and getting up 
he went to the door. Yashvin got up too, stretching his long 
legs and his long back. 

'It's too early for me to dine, but I must have a drink. 
I'll come along directly. Hi, wine !' he shouted, in his rich 
voice, that always rang out so loudly at drill, and set the 
windows shaking now. 

'No, all right,' he shouted again immediately after. 'You're 
going home, so I'll go with you.' 

And he walked out with Vronsky. 



CHAPTER XX 

VRONSKY was staying in a roomy, clean, Finnish hut, 
divided into two by a partition. Petritsky lived with 
him in camp too. Petritsky was asleep when Vronsky 
and Yashvin came into the hut. 

'Get up, don't go on sleeping,' said Yashvin, going behind 
the partition and giving Petritsky, who was lying with ruffled 
hair and with his nose in the pillow, a prod on the shoulder. 

Petritsky jumped up suddenly on to his knees and looked 
round. 

'Your brother's been here,' he said to Vronsky. 'He waked 
me up, damn him, and said he'd look in again.' And pulling 
up the rug he flung himself back on the pillow. 'Oh, do shut 
up, Yashvin !' he said, getting furious with Yashvin, who 
was pulling the rug off him. 'Shut up !' He turned over and 
opened his eyes. 'You'd better tell me what to drink; such 
a nasty taste in my mouth, that . . .' 

'Brandy's better than anything,' boomed Yashvin. 
'Tereshtchenko ! brandy for your master and cucumbers,' he 
shouted, obviously taking pleasure in the sound of his own 
voice. 

'Brandy do you think? Eh?' queried Petritsky, blinking 
and rubbing his eyes. 'And you'll drink something? All 
right then, we'll have a drink together ! Vronsky, have a 
drink?' said Petritsky, getting up and wrapping the tiger- 
skin rug round him. He went to the door of the partition 
wall, raised his hands, and hummed in French, 'There was a 
king in Thule.' 'Vronsky, will you have a drink?' 

'Go along,' said Vronsky, putting on the coat his valet 
handed him. 

'Where are you off to?' asked Yashvin. 'Oh, here are 
your three horses,' he added, seeing the carriage drive up. 

'To the stables, and I've got to see Bryansky, too, about the 
horses,' said Vronsky. 

235 



236 LEO TOLSTOY 

Vronsky had as a fact promised to call at Bryansky's, some 
eight miles from Peterhof, and to bring him some money 
owing for some horses; and he hoped to have time to get 
that in too. But his comrades were at once aware that he 
was not only going there. 

Petritsky, still humming, winked and made a pout with his 
lips, as though he would say: 'Oh yes, we know your 
Bryan sky.' 

'Mind you're not late!' was Yashvin's only comment; and 
to change the conversation: 'How's my roan? is he doing all 
right?' he inquired, looking out of window at the middle one 
of the three horses, which he had sold Vronsky. 

'Stop !' cried Petritsky to Vronsky as he was just going out. 
'Your brother left a letter and a note for you. Wait a tit; 
M^here are they ?' 

Vronsky stopped. 

'Well, where are they?' 

'Where are they? That's just the question!' said 
Petritsky solemnly, moving his forefinger upwards from his 
nose. 

'Come, tell me; this is silly !' said Vronsky smiling. 

'I have not lighted the fire. Here somewhere about.' 

"Come, enough fooling ! Where is the letter ?' 

'No, I've forgotten really. Or was it a dream? Wait a 
bit, wait a bit! But what's the use of getting in a rage. If 
you'd drunk four bottles yesterday as I did you'd forget 
where you were lying. Wait a bit, I'll remember !' 

Petritsky went behind the partition and lay down on his 
bed. 

'Wait a bit ! This was how I was lying, and this was how 
he was standing. Yes — yes — yes. . . . Here it is!" — and 
Petritsky pulled a letter out from under the mattress, 
where he had hidden it. 

Vronsky took the letter and his brother's note. It was the 
letter he was expecting — from his mother, reproaching him 
for not having been to see her — and the note was from his 
brother to say that he must have a little talk with him. 
Vronsky knew that it was all about the same thing. 'What 
business is it of theirs !' thought Vronsky, and crumpling up 
the letters he thrust them between the buttons of his coat so 



ANNA KARENIN 237 

as to read them carefully on the road. In the porch of the 
hut he was met by two officers ; one of his regiment and one 
of another. 

Vronsky's quarters were always a meeting-place for all the 
officers. 

'Where are you off to?' 

'I must go to Peterhof.' 

'Has the mare come from Tsarskoe?' 

'Yes, but I've not seen her yet.' 

'They say Mahotin's Gladiator's lame.' 

'Nonsense ! But however are you going to race in this 
mud?' said the other. 

'Here are my saviours !' cried Petritsky, seeing them come 
in. Before him stood the orderly with a tray of brandy and 
salted cucumbers. 'Here's Yashvin ordering me to drink a 
pick-me-up.' 

'Well, you did give it to us yesterday,' said one of those 
who had come in ; 'you didn't let us get a wink of sleep all 
night.' 

'Oh, didn't we make a pretty finish !' said Petritsky. 
'Volkov climbed on to the roof and began telling us how 
sad he was. I said: "Let's have music, the funeral march!" 
He fairly dropped asleep on the roof over the funeral 
march.' 

'Drink it up; you positively must drink the brandy, and 
then seltzer water and a lot of lemon,' said Yashvin, stand- 
ing over Petritsky like a mother making a child take 
medicine, 'and then a little champagne — just a small 
bottle.' 

'Come, there's some sense in that. Stop a bit, "Vronsky, 
we'll all have a drink.' 

'No; good-bye all of you. I'm not going to drink 
to-day.' 

'Why, are you gaining weight? All right, then we must 
have it alone. Give us the seltzer water and lemon.' 

' Vronsky !' shouted some one when he was already outside. 

'Well?' 

'You'd better get your hair cut, it'll weigh you down, 
especially at the top.' 

Vronsky was in fact beginning, prematurely, to get a little 



238 LEO TOLSTOY 

bald. He laughed gaily, showing his even teeth, and pulling 
his cap over the thin place, went out and got into his 
carriage, 

*To the stables !' he said, and was just pulling out the 
letters to read them through, but he thought better of it, and 
put off reading them so as not to distract his attention before 
looking at the mare. 'Later !' 



CHAPTER XXI 

THE temporary stable, a wooden shed, had been put up 
close to the racecourse, and there his mare was to 
have been taken the previous day. He had not yet 
seen her there. 

During the last few days he had not ridden her out for 
exercise himself, but had put her in the charge of the trainer, 
and so now he positively did not know in what condition his 
mare had arrived yesterday and was to-day. He had scarcely 
got out of his carriage when his groom, the so-called 
'stable-boy,' recognising the carriage some way off, called the 
trainer. A dry-looking Englishman, in high boots and a 
short jacket, clean shaven, except for a tuft below his chin, 
came to meet him, walking with the uncouth gait of a jockey, 
turning his elbows out and swaying from side to side. 

'Well, how's Frou-Frou?' Vronsky asked in English. 

'All right, sir,' the Englishman's voice responded some- 
where in the inside of his throat. 'Better not go in,' he 
added, touching his hat. 'I've put a muzzle on her, and the 
mare's fidgety. Better not go in, it'll excite the mare.' 

'No, I'm going in. I want to look at her.' 

'Come along, then,' said the Englishman, frowning, and 
speaking with his mouth shut, and, with swinging elbows, 
he went on in front with his disjointed gait. 

They went into the little yard in front of the shed. A 
stable-boy, spruce and smart in his holiday attire, met them 
with a broom in his hand, and followed them. In the shed 
there were five horses in their separate stalls, and Vronsky 
knew that his chief rival. Gladiator, a very tall chestnut 
horse, had been brought there, and must be standing among 
them. Even more than his mare, Vronsky longed to see 
Gladiator, whom he had never seen. But he knew that by 
the etiquette of the racecourse it was not merely impossible 
for him to see the horse, but improper even to ask questions 
about him. Just as he was passing along the passage, the 

239 



240 LEO TOLSTOY 

boy opened the door into the second horse-box on the left, 
and Vronsky caught a glimpse of a big chestnut horse with 
white legs. He knew that this was Gladiator, but, with the 
feeling of a man turning away from the sight of another 
man's open letter, he turned round and went into Frou- 
Frou's stall. 

'The horse is here belonging to Mak . . . Mak ... I 
never can say the name,' said the Englishman, over his 
shoulder, pointing his big finger and dirty nail towards 
Gladiator's stall. 

'Mahotin? Yes, he's my most serious rival,' said Vronsky. 

'If you were riding him,' said the Englishman, T'd bet 
on you.' 

'Frou-Frou's more nervous ; he's stronger,' said Vronsky, 
smiling at the compliment to his riding. 

'In a steeplechase it all depends on riding and on pluck.* 
said the Englishman. 

Of pluck — that is, energy and courage — Vronsky did not 
merely feel that he had enough; what was of far more im- 
portance, he was firmly convinced that no one in the world 
could have more of this 'pluck' than he had. 

"Don't you think I want more thinning down?' 

'Oh no,' answered the Englishman. 'Please, don't speak 
loud. The mare's fidgety,' he added, nodding towards the 
horse-box, before which they were standing, and from which 
came the sound of restless stamping in the straw. 

He opened the door, and Vronsky went into the horse-box. 
dimly lighted by one little window. In the horse-box stood 
a dark bay mare, with a muzzle on, picking at the fresh 
straw with her hoofs. Looking round him in the twilight of 
the horse-box, Vronsky unconsciously took in once more in 
a comprehensive glance all the points of his favourite mare. 
Frou-Frou was a beast of medium size, not altogether free 
from reproach, from a breeder's point of view. She was 
small-boned all over; though her chest was extremely 
prominent in front, it was narrow. Her hind-quarters were 
a little drooping, and in her fore-legs, and still more in her 
hind-legs, there was a noticeable curvature. The muscles 
of both hind and fore legs were not very thick; but across 
her shoulders the mare was exceptionally broad, a peculiarity 



ANNA KARENIN 24.1 

specially striking now that she was lean from training. The 
bones of her leg below the knees looked no thicker than a 
finger from in front, but were extraordinarily thick seen 
from the side. She looked altogether, except across the 
shoulders, as it were pinched in at the sides and pressed out 
in depth. But she had in the highest degree the quality 
that makes all defects forgotten : that quality was blood, the 
blood that tells, as the English expression has it. The 
muscles stood up sharply under the network of sinews, cov- 
ered with the delicate, mobile skin, as soft as satin, and they 
were hard as bone. Her clean-cut head, with prominent, 
bright, spirited eyes, broadened out at the open nostrils, that 
showed the red blood in the cartilage within. About all her 
figure, and especially her head, there was a certain expres- 
sion of energy, and, at the same time, of softness. She 
was one of those creatures, which seem only not to speak 
because the mechanism of their mouth does not allow 
them to. 

To Vronsky, at any rate, it seemed that she understood 
all he felt at that moment, looking at her. 

Directly Vronsky went towards her, she drew in a deep 
breath, and, turning back her prominent eye till the white 
looked bloodshot, she stared at the approaching figures from 
the opposite side, shaking her muzzle, and shifting lightly 
from one leg to the other. 

'There, you see how fidgety she is,' said the Englishman. 

'There, darling ! There !' said Vronsky, going up to the 
mare and speaking soothingly to her. 

But the nearer he came, the more excited she grew. Only 
when he stood by her head, she was suddenly quieter, while 
the muscles quivered under her soft, delicate coat. Vronsky 
patted her strong neck, straightened over her sharp withers 
a stray lock of her mane that had fallen on the other side, 
and moved his face near her dilated nostrils, transparent 
as a bat's wing. She drew a loud breath and snorted out 
through her tense nostrils, started, pricked up her sharp 
ear, and put out her strong, black lip towards Vronsky, as 
though she would nip hold of his sleeve. But remembering 
the muzzle, she shook it and again began restlessly stamping 
one after the other her shapely legs. 



942 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Quiet, darling-, quiet!" he said, patting her again over her 
hind-quarters; and with a glad sense that his mare was in 
the best possible condition, he went out of the horse-box. 

The mare's excitement had infected Vronsky. He felt 
that his heart was throbbing, and that he too, like the 
mare, longed to move, to bite ; it was both dreadful and 
delicious. 

'Well, I rely on you, then,' he said to the Englishman; 
'half-past six on the ground.' 

'All right,' said the Englishman. 'Oh, where are you 
going, my lord?' he asked suddenly, using the title 'my lord,' 
which he had scarcely ever used before. 

Vronsky in amazement raised his head, and stared, as he 
knew how to stare, not into the Englishman's eyes, but at 
his forehead, astounded at the impertinence of his question. 
But realising that in asking this the Englishman had been 
looking at him not as an employer, but as a jockey, he 
answered — 

'I've got to go to Bryansky's; I shall be home within an 
hour.' 

'How often I'm asked that question to-day !' he said to 
himself, and he blushed, a thing which rarely happened to 
him. The Englishman looked gravely at him; and, as though 
he, too, knew where Vronsky was going, he added — 

'The great thing's to keep quiet before a race,' said he; 
'don't get out of temper or upset about anything.' 

'All right,' answered Vronsky, smiling; and jumping into 
his carriage, he told the man to drive to Peterhof. 

Before he had driven many paces away, the dark clouds 
that had been threatening rain all day broke, and there was 
a heavy downpour of rain. 

'What a pity !' thought Vronsky, putting up the roof of 
the carriage. 'It was muddy before, now it will be a perfect 
swamp.' As he sat in solitude in the closed carriage, he took 
out his mother's letter and his brother's note, and read them 
through. 

Yes, it was the same thing over and over again. Every 
one, his mother, his brother, every one thought fit to inter- 
fere in the affairs of his heart. This interference aroused 
in him a feeling of angry hatred — a feeling he had rarely 



ANNA KARENIN 243 

known before. 'What business is it of theirs? Why does 
everybody feel called upon to concern himself about me? 
And why do they worry me so? Just because they see that 
this is something they can't understand. If it were a com- 
mon, vulgar, worldly intrigue, they would have left me alone. 
They feel that this is something different, that this is not 
a mere pastime, that this woman is dearer to me than life. 
And this is incomprehensible, and that's why it annoys them. 
Whatever our destiny is or may be, we have made it our- 
selves, and we do not complain of it,' he said, in the word we 
linking himself with Anna. 'No, they must needs teach us 
how to live. They haven't an idea of what happiness is ; 
they don't know that without our love, for us there is 
neither happiness nor unhappiness — no life at all,' he 
thought. 

He was angry with all of them for their interference just 
because he felt in his soul that they, all these people, were 
right. 

He felt that the love that bound him to Anna was 
not a momentary impulse, which would pass, as worldly 
intrigues do pass, leaving no other traces in the life of 
either but pleasant or unpleasant memories. He felt all the 
torture of his own and her position, all the difficulty there 
was for them, conspicuous as they were in the eye of all 
the world, in concealing their love, in lying and deceiving; 
and in lying, deceiving, feigning, and continually thinking 
of others, when the passion that united them was so intense 
that they were both oblivious of everything else but their 
love. 

He vividly recalled all the constantly recurring instances 
of inevitable necessity for lying and deceit, which were so 
against his natural bent. He recalled particularly vividly 
the shame he had more than once detected in her at this 
necessity for lying and deceit. And he experienced the 
strange feeling that had sometimes come upon him since his 
secret love for Anna. This was a feeling of loathing for 
something — whether for Alexey Alexandrovitch, or for him- 
self, or for the whole world, he could not have said. But 
he always drove away this strange feeling. Now. too, he 
shook it off and continued the thread of his thoughts. 



244 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Yes, she was unhappy before, but proud and at peace ; and 
now she cannot be at peace and feel secure in her dignity, 
though she does not show it. Yes, we must put an end to 
it,' he decided. 

And for the first time the idea clearly presented itself that 
it was essential to put an end to this false position, and the 
sooner the better. 'Throw up everything, she and I, and 
hide ourselves somewhere alone with our love,' he said to 
himself. 



CHAPTER XXII 

THE rain did not last long, and by the time Vronsky 
arrived, his shaft-horse trotting at full speed, and 
dragging the trace-horses galloping through the mud, 
with their reins hanging loose, the sun had peeped out again, 
the roofs of the summer villas and the old lime-trees in the 
gardens on both sides of the principal streets sparkled with 
wet brilliance, and from the twigs came a pleasant drip 
and from the roofs rushing streams of water. He thought 
no more of the shower spoiling the racecourse, but was 
rejoicing now that — thanks to the rain — he would be sure 
to find her at home and alone, as he knew that Alexey Alex- 
androvitch, who had lately returned from a foreign water- 
ing-place, had not moved from Petersburg. 

Hoping to find her alone, Vronsky alighted, as he always 
did, to avoid attracting attention, before crossing the bridge, 
and walked to the house. He did not go up the steps to the 
street door, but went into the court. 

'Has your master come?' he asked a gardener. 

'No, sir. The mistress is at home. But will you please 
go to the front door; there are servants there,' the gardener 
answered. 'They'll open the door.' 

'No, I'll go in from the garden.' 

And feeling satisfied that she was alone, and wanting to 
take her by surprise, since he had not promised to be there 
to-day, and she would certainly not expect him to come before 
the races, he waJked, holding his sword and stepping cau- 
tiously over the sandy path, bordered with flowers, to the 
terrace that looked out upon the garden. Vronsky forgot 
now all that he had thought on the way of the hardships 
and difficulties of their position. He thought of nothing but 
that he would see her directly, not in imagination, but living, 
all of her, as she was in reality. He was just going in, 
stepping on his whole foot so as not to creak, up the worn 
steps of the terrace, when he suddenly remembered what he 

245 



246 LEO TOLSTOY 

always forgot, and what caused the most torturing side oi 
his relations with her, her son with his questioning — hostile, 
as he fancied — eyes. 

This boy was more often than any one else a check upon 
their freedom. When he was present, both Vronsky and 
Anna did not merely avoid speaking of anything that they 
could not have repeated before every one ; they did not even 
allow themselves to refer by hints to anything the boy did not 
understand. They had made no agreement about this, it had 
settled itself. They would have felt it wounding themselves 
to deceive the child. In his presence they talked like acquaint- 
ances. But in spite of this caution, Vronsky often saw the 
child's intent, bewildered glance fixed upon him, and a strange 
shyness, uncertainty, at one time friendliness, at another, 
coldness and reserve, in the boy's manner to him; as though 
the child felt that between this man and his mother there 
existed some important bond, the significance of which he 
could not understand. 

As a fact the boy did feel that he could not understand 
this relation, and he tried painfully, and was not able to make 
clear to himself what feeling he ought to have for this man. 
With a child's keen instinct for every manifestation of feel- 
ing, he saw distinctly that his father, his governess, his nurse, 
— all did not merely dislike Vronsky, but looked on him 
with horror and aversion, though they never said anything 
about him, while his mother looked on him as her greatest 
friend. 

'What does it mean? Who is he? How ought I to love 
him? If I don't know, it's my fault; either I'm stupid or a 
naughty boy,' thought the child. And this was what caused 
his dubious, inquiring, sometimes hostile, expression, and the 
shyness and uncertainty which Vronsky found so irksome. 
This child's presence always and infallibly called up in 
Vronsky that strange feeling of inexplicable loathing which 
he had experienced of late. This child's presence called up 
both in Vronsky and in Anna a feeling akin to the feeling of 
a sailor who sees by the compass that the direction in which 
he is swiftly moving is far from the right one, but that to 
arrest his motion is not in his power, that every instant is 
carrying him further and further away, and that to admit to 



ANNA KARENIN 247 

himself his deviation from the right direction is the same as 
admitting his certain ruin. 

This child, with his innocent outlook upon life, was the 
compass that showed them the point to which they had de- 
parted from what they knew, but did not want to know. 

This time Seryozha was not at home, and she was com- 
pletely alone. She was sitting on the terrace waiting for the 
return of her son, who had gone out for his walk and been 
caught in the rain. She had sent a manservant and a maid 
out to look for him. Dressed in a white gown, deeply em- 
broidered, she was sitting in a corner of the terrace behind 
some flowers, and did not hear him. Bending her curly 
black head, she pressed her forehead against a cool watering- 
pot that stood on the parapet, and both her lovely hands, with 
the rings he knew so well, clasped the pot. The beauty of 
her whole figure, her head, her neck, her hands, struck 
Vronsky every time as something new and unexpected. He 
stood still, gazing at her in ecstasy. But, directly he would 
have made a step to come nearer to her, she was aware of 
his presence, pushed away the watering-pot, and turned her 
flushed face towards him. 

'What's the matter? You are ill?' he said to her in 
French, going up to her. He would have run to her, but 
remembering that there might be spectators, he looked round 
towards the balcony door, and reddened a little, as he always 
reddened, feeling that he had to be afraid and be on his 
guard. 

'No; I'm quite well,' she said, getting up and pressing his 
outstretched hand tightly. T did not expect . . . thee.' 

"Mercy ! what cold hands !' he said. 

'You startled me,' she said. 'I'm alone, and expect- 
ing Seryozha ; he's out for a walk ; they'll come in from 
this side.' 

But, in spite of her efforts to be calm, her lips were 
quivering. 

'Forgive me for coming, but I couldn't pass the day without 
seeing you,' he went on, speaking French, as he always did to 
avoid using the stiff Russian plural form, so impossibly frigid 
between them, and the dangerously intimate singular. 

'Forgive you ? I'm so glad !' 



248 LEO TOLSTOY 

'But you're ill or worried,' he went on, not letting go 
her hands and bending over her. 'What were you 
thinking of ?' 

'Always of the same thing,' she said, with a smile. 

She spoke the truth. If ever at any moment she had been 
asked what she was thinking of, she could have answered 
truly: of the same thing, of her happiness and her unhappi- 
ness. She was thinking, just when he came upon her, of 
this: why was it, she wondered, that to others, to Betsy (she 
knew of her secret connection with Tushkevitch) it was all 
easy, while to her it was such torture? To-day this thought 
gained special poignancy from certain other considerations. 
She asked him about the races. He answered her questions, 
and, seeing that she was agitated, trying to calm her, he 
began telling her in the simplest tone the details of his prep- 
arations for the races, 

"Tell him or not tell him?' she thought, looking into his 
quiet, affectionate eyes. 'He is so happy, so absorbed in his 
races that he won't understand as he ought, he won't under- 
stand all the gravity of this fact to us.' 

'But you haven't told me what you were thinking of when 
I came in,' he said, interrupting his narrative ; 'please, tell 
me !' 

She did not answer, and. bending her head a little, she 
looked inquiringly at him from under her brows, her eyes 
shining under their long lashes. Her hand shook as it played 
with a leaf she had picked. He saw it, and his face expressed 
that utter subjection, that slavish devotion, which had done so 
much to win her. 

'I see something has happened. Do you suppose I can be 
at peace, knowing you have a trouble I am not sharing ? Tell 
me, for God's sake,' he repeated imploringly. 

'Yes; I shan't be able to forgive him if he does not realise 
all the gravity of it. Better not tell ; why put him to the 
proof?' she thought, still staring at him in the same way, and 
feeling the hand that held the leaf was trembling more and 
more. 

'For God's sake !' he repeated, taking her hand. 

'Shall I tell you?' 

'Yes, yes, yes . . .* 



ANNA KARENIN 249 

'I'm with child," she said, softly and deliberately. The leaf 
in her hand shook more violently, but she did not take her 
eyes off him, watching how he would take it. He turned 
white, would have said something, but stopped ; he dropped 
her hand, and his head sank on his breast. 'Yes, he realises 
all the gravity of it,' she thought, and gratefully she pressed 
his hand. 

But she was mistaken in thinking he realised the gravity of 
the fact as she, a woman, realised it. On hearing it, he felt 
come upon him with tenfold intensity that strange feeling of 
loathing of some one. But at the same time, he felt that the 
turning-point he had been longing for had come now ; that it 
was impossible to go on concealing things from her husband, 
and it \vas inevitable in one way or another that they should 
soon put an end to their unnatural position. But, besides 
that, her emotion physically affected him in the same way. 
He looked at her with a look of submissive tenderness, kissed 
her hand, got up, and, in silence, paced up and down the 
terrace. 

"Yes,' he said, going up to her resolutely. 'Neither you 
nor I have looked on our relations as a passing amusement, 
and now our fate is sealed. It is absolutely necessary to put 
an end' — he looked round as he spoke — 'to the deception in 
which we are living.' 

'Put an end? How put an end. Alexey?" she said softly. 

She was calmer now, and her face lighted up with a tender 
smile. 

'Leave your husband and make our life one.' 

'It is one as it is,' she answered, scarcely audibly. 

'Yes, but altogether ; altogether.' 

'But how, Alexey, tell me how?' she said in melancholy 
mockery at the hopelessness of her own position. 'Is there 
any way out of such a position? Am I not the wife of my 
husband?' 

'There is a way out of every position. We must take our 
line,' he said. 'Anything's better than the position in which 
you're living. Of course, I see how you torture yourself 
over everything — the world and your son and your husband.' 

'Oh, not over my husband,' she said, with a quiet smile. 'I 
don't know him, I don't think of him. He doesn't exist.' 



250 LEO TOLSTOY 

'You're not speaking sincerely. I know you. You worry 
about him too.' 

"Oh, he doesn't even know,' she said, and suddenly a hot 
flush came over her face; her cheeks, her brow, her neck 
crimsoned, and tears of shame came into her eyes. 'But we 
won't talk of him.' 



CHAPTER XXIII 

VRONSKY had several times already, though not so 
resolutely as now, tried to bring her to consider 
their position, and every time he had been confronted 
by the same superficiality and triviality with which she met 
his appeal now. It was as though there were something in 
this which she could not or would not face, as though di- 
rectly she began to speak of this, she, the real Anna, retreated 
somehow into herself, and another strange and unaccount- 
able woman came out, whom he did not love, and whom he 
feared, and who was in opposition to him. But to-day he 
was resolved to have it out. 

'Whether he knows or not,' said Vronsky, in his usual quiet 
and resolute tone, 'that's nothing to do with us. We cannot 
. . . you cannot stay like this, especially now.' 

'What's to be done, according to you ?' she asked with the 
same frivolous irony. She who had so feared he would take 
her condition too lightly was now vexed with him for deduc- 
ing from it the necessity of taking some step. 

'Tell him everything, and leave him.' 

'Very well, let us suppose I do that,' she said. 'Do you 
know what the result of that would be ? I can tell you it all 
beforehand,' and a wicked light gleamed in her eyes, that had 
been so soft a minute before. ' "Eh, you love another man, 
and have entered into criminal intrigues with him?" ' (Mim- 
icking her husband, she threw an emphasis on the word 
'criminal,' as Alexey Alexandrovitch did.) '"I warned you 
of the results in the religious, the civil, and the domestic 
relation. You have not listened to me. Now I cannot let 
you disgrace my name. — " ' and my son, she had meant to say, 
but about her son she could not jest, — ' "disgrace my name, 
and" — and more in the same style,' she added. 'In general 
terms, he'll say in his official manner, and with all distinct- 
ness and precision, that he cannot let me go, but will take all 
measures in his power to prevent scandal. And he will 

251 



252 LEO TOLSTOY 

calmly and punctually act in accordance with his words. 
That's what will happen. He's not a man, but a machine, 
and a spiteful machine when he's angry,' she added, recalling 
Alexey Alexandrovitch as she spoke, with all the peculiarities 
of his figure and manner of speaking, and reckoning against 
him every defect she could find in him, softening nothing for 
the great wrong she herself was doing him. 

'But Anna,' said Vronsky, in a soft and persuasive voice, 
trying to soothe her, 'we absolutely must, any way, tell him, 
and then be guided by the line he takes.' 

'What, run away?' 

'And why not run away? I don't see how we can keep on 
like this. And not for my sake — I see that you suffer.' 

'Yes, run away, and become your mistress,' she said 
angrily. 

'Anna,' he said, with reproachful tenderness. 

'Yes,' she went on, 'become your mistress, and complete 
the ruin of . . .' 

Again she would have said 'my son,' but she could not 
utter that word. 

Vronsky could not understand how she, with her strong and 
truthful nature, could endure this state of deceit, and not 
long to get out of it. But he did not suspect that the chief 
cause of it was the word — son, which she could not bring 
herself to pronounce. When she thought of her son, and his 
future attitude to his mother, who had abandoned his father, 
she felt such terror at what she had done, that she could 
not face it; but, like a woman, could only try to comfort 
herself with lying assurances that everything would remain 
as it always had been, and that it was possible to forget the 
fearful question of how it would be with her son. 

'I beg you, I entreat you,' she said suddenly, taking his 
hand, and speaking in quite a different tone, sincere and 
tender, 'never speak to me of that !' 

'But, Anna . . .' 

'Never. Leave it to me. I know all the baseness, all the 
horror of my position : but it's not so easy to arrange as 
you think. And leave it to me, and do what I say. Never 
speak to me of it. Do you promise me? . . . No, no, 
promise ! . . .' 



ANNA KARENIN 353 

'I promise everything, but I can't be at peace, especially 
after what you have told me. I can't be at peace, when you 
can't be at peace . . .' 

'I?' she repeated. 'Yes, I am worried sometimes; but 
that will pass, if you will never talk about this. When you 
talk about it — it's only then it worries me.' 

'I don't understand,' he said. 

'I know,' she interrupted him, 'how hard it is for your 
truthful nature to lie, and I grieve for you. I often think 
that you have ruined your whole life for me.' 

'I was just thinking the very same thing,' he said ; 'how 
could you sacrifice everything for my sake? I can't forgive 
myself that you're unhappy.' 

'I unhappy?' she said, coming closer to him, and looking 
at him with an ecstatic smile of love. 'I am like a hungry 
man who has been given food. He may be cold, and dressed 
in rags, and ashamed, but he is not unhappy. I unhappy? 
No, this is my happiness. . . .' 

She could hear the sound of her son's voice coming towards 
them, and, glancing swiftly round the terrace, she got up 
impulsively. Her eyes glowed with the fire he knew so well ; 
with a rapid movement she raised her lovely hands, covered 
with rings, took his head, looked a long look into his face, 
and, putting up her face with smiling, parted lips, swiftly 
kissed his mouth and both eyes, and pushed him away. She 
would have gone, but he held her back. 

'When?' he murmured in a whisper, gazing in ecstasy at 
her. 

'To-day, at one o'clock,' she whispered, and, with a heavy 
sigh, she walked with her light, swift step to meet her son. 

Seryozha had been caught by the rain in the big garden, 
and he and his nurse had taken shelter in an arbour. 

'Well, ail rcvoir' she said to Vronsky. 'I must soon be 
getting ready for the races. Betsy promised to fetch me.' 

Vronsky, looking at his watch, went away hurriedly. 



CHAPTER XXIV 

WHEN Vronsky looked at his watch on the Karenins' 
balcony, he was so greatly agitated and lost in his 
thoughts that he saw the figures on the watch's 
face, but could not take in what time it was. He came out 
on to the high road and walked, picking his way carefully 
through the mud, to his carriage. He was so completely 
absorbed in his feeling for Anna, that he did not even think 
what o'clock it was, and whether he had time to go to 
Bryansky's. He had left him, as often happens, only the 
external faculty of memory, that points out each step one 
has to take, one after the other. He went up to his coach- 
man, who was dozing on the box in the shadow, already 
lengthening, of a thick lime-tree; he admired the shifting 
clouds of midges circling over the hot horses, and, waking 
the coachman, he jumped into the carriage, and told him to 
drive to Bryansky's. It was only after driving nearly five 
miles that he had sufficiently recovered himself to look at his 
watch, and realise that it was half-past five, and he was 
late. 

There were several races fixed for that day: the Mounted 
Guards' race, then the officers' mile-and-a-half race, then the 
three-mile race, and then the race for which he was entered. 
He could still be in time for his race, but if he went to 
Bryansky's he could only just be in time, and he would arrive 
when the whole of the court would be in their places. That 
would be a pity. But he had promised Bryansky to come, 
and so he decided to drive on, telling the coachman not to 
spare the horses. 

He reached Bryansky's, spent five minutes there, and gal- 
loped back. This rapid drive calmed him. All that was pain- 
ful in his relations with Anna, all the feeling of indefiniteness 
left by their conversation, had slipped out of his mind. He 
was thinking now with pleasure and excitement of the race, 
of his being, anyhow, in time, and now and then the thought 

254 



ANXA KARENIX 235 

of the blissful interview awaiting him that night flashed 
across his imagination like a flaming light. 

The excitement of the approaching race gained upon him 
as he drove further and further into the atmosphere of the 
races, overtaking carriages driving up from the summer villas 
or out of Petersburg. 

At his quarters no one was left at home ; all were at the 
races, and his valet was looking out for him at the gate. 
While he was changing his clothes, his valet told him that 
the second race had begun already, that a lot of gentlemen 
had been to ask for him, and a boy had twice run up from 
the stables. Dressing without hurry (he never hurried him- 
self, and never lost his self-possession), Vronsky drove to the 
sheds. From the sheds he could see a perfect sea of car- 
riages, and people on foot, soldiers surrounding the race- 
course, and pavilions swarming with people. The second 
race was apparently going on, for just as he went into the 
sheds he heard a bell ringing. Going towards the stable, he 
met the white-legged chestnut, Mahotin's Gladiator, being 
led to the racecourse in a blue forage horsecloth, with what 
looked like huge ears edged with blue. 

'Where's Cord?' he asked the stable-boy. 

Tn the stable, putting on the saddle.' 

In the open horse-box stood Frou-Frou, saddled ready. 
They were just going to lead her out. 

Tm not too late?' 

*A11 right! All right!' said the Englishman; 'don't upset 
yourself !' 

Vronsky once more took in in one glance the exquisite 
lines of his favourite mare, who was quivering all over, and 
with an effort he tore himself from the sight of her, and 
went out of the stable. He went towards the pavilions at the 
most favourable moment for escaping attention. The mile- 
and-a-half race was just finishing, and all eyes were fixed 
on the horse-guard in front and the light hussar behind, 
urging their horses on wuth a last effort close to the winning- 
post. From the centre and outside of the ring all were 
crowding to the winning-post, and a group of soldiers and 
officers of the horse-guards were shouting loudly their de- 
light at the expected triumph of their officer and comrade. 



256 LEO TOLSTOY 

Vronsky moved into the middle of the crowd unnoticed, 
almost at the very moment when the bell rang at the finish 
of the race, and the tall, mud-spattered horse-guard who 
came in first, bending over the saddle, let go the reins of his 
panting grey horse that looked dark with sweat. 

The horse, stiffening out its legs, with an effort stopped its 
rapid course, and the officer of the horse-guards looked round 
him like a man waking up from a heavy sleep, and just 
managed to smile. A crowd of friends and outsiders pressed 
round him. 

Vronsky intentionally avoided that select crowd of the 
upper world, which was moving and talking with discreet 
freedom before the pavilions. He knew that Madame 
Karenin was there, and Betsy, and his brother's wife, and he 
purposely did not go near them for fear of something dis- 
tracting his attention. But he was continually met and 
stopped by acquaintances, who told him about the previous 
races, and kept asking him why he was so late. 

At the time when the racers had to go to the pavilion to 
receive the prizes, and all attention was directed to that point, 
Vronsky's elder brother, Alexander, a colonel with heavy 
fringed epaulets, came up to him. He was not tall, though as 
broadly built as Alexey, and handsomer and rosier than he ; 
he had a red nose, and an open, drunken-looking face. 

'Did you get my note?' he said. 'There's never any find- 
ing you.' 

Alexander Vronsky, in spite of the dissolute life, and in 
especial the drunken habits, for which he was notorious, was 
quite one of the court circle. 

Now, as he talked to his brother of a matter bound to be 
exceedingly disagreeable to him, knowing that the eyes of 
many people might be fixed upon him, he kept a smiling 
countenance, as though he were jesting with his brother 
about something of little moment. 

'I got it, and I really can't make out what yon are worry- 
ing yourself about,' said Alexey. 

'I'm worrying myself because the remark has just been 
made to me that you weren't here, and that you were seen 
in Peterhof on Monday.' 

'There are matters which only concern those directly in- 



ANNA KAREXIN 257 

terested in them, and the matter you are so worried about 
is . . .' 

'Yes, but if so, you may as well cut the service. . . .' 

'I beg you not to meddle, and that's all I have to say.' 

Alexey Vronsky's frowning face turned white, and his 
prominent lower jaw quivered, which happened rarely with 
him. Being a man of very warm heart, he was seldom 
angry; but when he was angry, and when his chin quivered, 
then, as Alexander Vronsky knew, he was dangerous. Alex- 
ander Vronsky smiled gaily. 

'I only wanted to give you mother's letter. Answer it, and 
don't worry about anything just before the race. Bonne 
chance' he added, smiling, and he moved away from him. 
But after him another friendly greeting brought Vronsky 
to a standstill. 

'So you won't recognise your friends ! How are you, mon 
cherf said Stepan Arkadyevitch, as conspicuously brilliant 
in the midst of all the Petersburg brilliance as he was in 
Moscow, his face rosy, and his whiskers sleek and glossy. 'I 
came up yesterday, and I'm delighted that I shall see your 
triumph. When shall we meet?' 

'Come to-morrow to the mess-room,' said Vronsky, and 
squeezing him by the sleeve of his coat, with apologies, he 
moved away to the center of the racecourse, where the horses 
were being led for the great steeplechase. 

The horses who had run in the last race were being led 
home, steaming and exhausted, by the stable-boys, and one 
after another the fresh horses for the coming race made their 
appearance, for the most part English racers, wearing horse- 
cloths, and looking with their drawn-up bellies like strange, 
huge birds. On the right was led in Frou-Frou, lean and 
beautiful, lifting up her elastic, rather long pasterns, as 
though moved by springs. Not far from her they were taking 
the rug ofit the lop-eared Gladiator. The strong, exquisite, 
perfectly correct lines of the stallion, with his superb hind- 
quarters and excessively short pasterns almost over his hoofs, 
attracted Vronsky's attention in spite of himself. He would 
have gone up to his mare, but he was again detained by 
acquaintance. 

'Oh, there's Karenin !' said the acquaintance with whom 



258 LEO TOLSTOY 

he was chatting. 'He's looking for his wife, and she's in 
the middle of the pavilion. Didn't you see her?' 

'No,' answered Vronsky, and without even glancing round 
towards the pavilion where his friend was pointing out 
Madame Karenin, he went up to his mare. 

Vronsky had not had time to look at the saddle, about 
which he had to give some direction, when the competitors 
were summoned to the pavilion to receive their numbers and 
places in the row at starting. Seventeen officers, looking 
serious and severe, many with pale faces, met together in the 
pavilion and drew the numbers. Vronsky drew the number 
seven. The cry was heard: 'Mount!' 

Feeling that with the others riding in the race, he was the 
centre upon which all eyes were fastened, Vronsky walked up 
to his mare in that state of nervous tension in which he 
usually became deliberate and composed in his movements. 
Cord, in honour of the races, had put on his best clothes, a 
black coat buttoned up, a stiffly starched collar, which propped 
up his cheeks, a round black hat, and top-boots. He was 
calm and dignified as ever, and was with his own hands 
holding Frou-Frou by both reins, standing straight in front 
of her. Frou-Frou was still trembling as though in a fever. 
Her eye, full of fire, glanced sideways at Vronsky. Vronsky 
slipped his finger under the saddle-girth. The mare glanced 
aslant at him, drew up her lip, and twitched her ear. The 
Englishman puckered up his lips, intending to indicate a 
smile that any one should verify his saddling. 

'Get up ; you won't feel so excited.' 

Vronsky looked round for the last time at his rivals. He 
knew that he would not see them during the race. Two were 
already riding forward to the point from which they were to 
start. Galtsin, a friend of Vronsky's and one of his more 
formidable rivals, was moving round a bay horse that would 
not let him mount. A little light hussar in tight riding- 
breeches rode off at a gallop, crouched up like a cat on the 
saddle, in imitation of English jockeys. Prince Kuzovlev 
sat with a white face on his thoroughbred mare from the 
Grabovsky stud, while an English groom led her by the bridle. 
Vronsky and all his comrades knew Kuzovlev and his 
peculiarity of 'weak nerves' and terrible vanity. They knew 



ANNA KARENIN 359 

that he was afraid of everything, afraid of riding a spirited 
horse. But now, just because it was terrible, because people 
broke their necks, and there was a doctor standing at each 
obstacle, and an ambulance with a cross on it, and a sister 
of mercy, he had made up his mind to take part in the race. 
Their eyes met, and Vronsky gave him a friendly and en- 
couraging nod. Only one he did not see, his chief rival, 
Mahotin on Gladiator. 

'Don't be in a hurry,' said Cord to Vronsky, 'and remember 
one thing : don't hold her in at the fences, and don't urge her 
on ; let her go as she likes.' 

'All right, all right,' said Vronsky, taking the reins. 

'If you can, lead the race; but don't lose heart till the last 
minute, even if you're behind.' 

Before the mare had time to move, Vronsky stepped with 
an agile, vigorous movement into the steel-toothed stirrup, 
and lightly and firmly seated himself on the creaking leather 
of the saddle. Getting his right foot in the stirrup, he 
smoothed the double reins, as he always did, between his 
fingers, and Cord let go. 

As though she did not know which foot to put first, Frou- 
Frou started, dragging at the reins with her long neck, and as 
though she were on springs, shaking her rider from side to 
side. Cord quickened his step, following him. The excited 
mare, trying to shake off her rider first on one side and then 
the other, pulled at the reins, and Vronsky tried in vain with 
voice and hand to soothe her. 

They were just reaching the damned-up stream on their 
way to the starting-point. Several of the riders were in 
front and several behind, when suddenly Vronsky heard the 
sound of a horse galloping in the mud behind him, and he was 
overtaken by Mahotin on his white-legged, lop-eared Gladi- 
ator. Mahotin smiled, showing his long teeth, but Vronsky 
looked angrily at him. He did not like him, and regarded 
him now as his most formidable rival. He was angry with 
him for galloping past and exciting his mare. Frou-Frou 
started into a gallop, her left foot forward, made two bounds, 
and fretting at the tightened reins, passed into a jolting trot, 
bumping her rider up and down. Cord too scowled, and 
followed Vronsky almost at a trot. 



CHAPTER XXV 

THERE were seventeen officers in all riding in this race. 
The racecourse was a large three-mile ring of the form 
of an ellipse in front of the pavilion. On this course 
nine obstacles had been arranged : the stream, a big and solid 
barrier five feet high, just before the pavilion, a dry ditch, 
a ditch full of water, a precipitous slope, an Irish barricade 
(one of the most difficult obstacles, consisting of a mound 
fenced with brushwood, beyond which was a ditch out of 
sight for the horses, so that the horse had to clear both 
obstacles or might be killed) ; then two more ditches filled 
with water, and one dry one ; and the end of the race was 
just facing the pavilion. But the race began not in the ring, 
but two hundred yards away from it, and in that part of 
the course was the first obstacle, a damned-up stream, seven 
feet in breadth, which the racers could leap or wade through 
as they preferred. 

Three times they were ranged ready to start, but each time 
some horse thrust itself out of line, and they had to begin 
again. The umpire who was starting them, Colonel Sestrin, 
was beginning to lose his temper, when at last for the fourth 
time he shouted 'Away !' and the racers started. 

Every eye, every opera-glass, w-as turned on the brightly 
coloured group of riders at the moment they were in line 
to start. 

"They're off! They're starting!' was heard on all sides 
after the hush of expectation. 

And little groups and solitary figures among the public 
began running from place to place to get a better view. In 
the very first minute the close group of horsemen drew out, 
and it could be seen that they w-ere approaching the stream 
in twos and threes and one behind another. To the spec- 
tators it seemed as though they had all started simultaneously, 
but to the racers there were seconds of difference that had 
great value to them. 

260 



ANNA KARENIX 261 

Frou-Frou, excited and over-nervous, had lost the first 
moment, and several horses had started before her, but before 
reaching the stream, Vronsky, who was holding in the mare 
with all his force as she tugged at the bridle, easily overtook 
three, and there were left in front of him Mahotin's chestnut 
Gladiator, whose hind-quarters were moving lightly and 
rhythmically up and down exactly in front of Vronsky, and 
in front of all, the dainty mare Diana, bearing Kuzovlev 
more dead than alive. 

For the first instant Vronsky was not master either of him- 
self or his mare. Up to the first obstacle, the stream, he 
could not guide the motions of his mare. 

Gladiator and Diana came up to it together and almost at 
the same instant; simultaneously they rose above the stream 
and flew across to the other side; Frou-Frou darted after 
them, as if flying; but at the very moment when Vronsky 
felt himself in the air, he suddenly saw almost under his 
mare's hoofs Kuzovlev, who was floundering with Diana on 
the further side of the stream. (Kuzovlev had let go the 
reins as he took the leap, and the mare had sent him flying 
over her head.) Those details Vronsky learned later; at 
the moment all he saw was that just under him, where Frou- 
Frou must alight, Diana's legs or head might be in the way. 
But Frou-Frou drew up her legs and back in the very act 
of leaping, like a falling cat, and, clearing the other mare, 
alighted beyond her. 

"O the darling !' thought Vronsky. 
. After crossing the stream Vronsky had complete control 
of his mare, and began holding her in, intending to cross 
the great barrier behind Mahotin, and to try to overtake 
him in the clear ground of about five hundred yards that 
followed it. 

The great barrier stood just in front of the imperial 
pavilion. The Tsar and the whole court and crowds of 
people were all gazing at them — at him, and Mahotin a length 
ahead of him, as they drew near the 'devil,' as the solid 
barrier was called, Vronsky was aware of those eyes fastened 
upon him from all sides, but he saw nothing except the ears 
and neck of his own mare, the ground racing to meet him, 
and the back and white legs of Gladiator beating time swiftly 



262 LEO TOLSTOY 

before him, and keeping always the same distance ahead. 
Gladiator rose, with no sound of knocking against anything. 
With a wave of his short tail he disappeared from Vronsky's 
sight. 

'Bravo !' cried a voice. 

At the same instant, under Vronsky's eyes, right before 
him flashed the palings of the barrier. Without the slightest 
change in her action his mare flew over it ; the palings 
vanished, and he heard only a crash behind him. The mare, 
excited by Gladiator's keeping ahead, had risen too soon 
before the barrier, and grazed it with her hind hoofs. But 
her pace never changed, and Vronsky, feeling a spatter of 
mud in his face, realised that he was once more the same 
distance from Gladiator. Once more he perceived in 
front of him the same back and short tail, and again 
the same swiftly moving white legs that got no further 
away. 

At the very moment when Vronsky thought that now was 
the time to overtake Mahotin, Frou-Frou herself, under- 
standing his thoughts, without any incitement on his part, 
gained ground considerably, and began getting alongside of 
Mahotin on the most favourable side, close to the inner cord. 
Mahotin would not let her pass that side. Vronsky had 
hardly formed the thought that he could perhaps pass on 
the outer side, when Frou-Frou shifted her pace and began 
overtaking him on the other side. Frou-Frou's shoulder, 
beginning by now to be dark with sweat, was even with Gladi- 
ator's back. For a few lengths they moved evenly. But 
before the obstacle they were approaching, Vronsky began 
working at the reins, anxious to avoid having to take the 
outer circle, and swiftly passed Mahotin just upon the de- 
clivity. He caught a glimpse of his mud-stained face as he 
flashed by. He even fancied that he smiled. Vronsky passed 
Mahotin, but he was immediately aware of him close 
upon him, and he never ceased hearing the even-thud- 
ding hoofs and the rapid and still quite fresh breathing of 
Gladiator. 

The next two obstacles, the watercourse and the barrier, 
were easily crossed, but Vronsky began to hear the snorting 
and thud of Gladiator close upon him. He urged on his 



ANNA KARENIN 263 

mare, and to his delight felt that she easily quickened her 
pace, and the thud of Gladiator's hoofs was again heard at 
the same distance away. 

Vronsky was at the head of the race, just as he had wanted 
to be and as Cord had advised, and now he felt sure of being 
the winner. His excitement, his delight, and his tenderness 
for Frou-Frou grew keener and keener. He longed to look 
round again, but he did not dare do this, and tried to be cool 
and not to urge on his mare, so to keep the same reserve of 
force in her as he felt that Gladiator still kept. There re- 
mained only one obstacle, the most difficult; if he could cross 
it ahead of the others, he would come in first. He was flying 
towards the Irish barricade, Frou-Frou and he both together 
saw the barricade in the distance, and both the man and the 
mare had a moment's hesitation. He saw the uncertainty in 
the mare's ears and lifted the whip, but at the same time felt 
that his fears were groundless ; the mare knew what was 
wanted. She quickened her pace and rose smoothly, just as 
he had fancied she would, and as she left the ground gave 
herself up to the force of her rush, which carried her far 
beyond the ditch ; and with the same rhythm, without effort, 
with the same leg forward, Frou-Frou fell back into her 
pace again. 

'Bravo, Vronsky!' he heard shouts from a knot of men — 
he knew they were his friends in the regiment — who were 
standing at the obstacle. He could not fail to recognise 
Yashvin's voice though he did not see him. 

'O my sweet !' he said inwardly to Frou-Frou, as he list- 
ened for what was happening behind. 'He's cleared it !' he 
thought, catching the thud of Gladiator's hoofs behind him. 
There remained only the last ditch, filled with water and 
five feet wide, Vronsky did not even look at it, but anx- 
ious to get in a long way first began sawing away at the 
reins, lifting the mare's head and letting it go in time with 
her paces. He felt that the mare was at her very last 
reserve of strength ; not her neck and shoulders merely 
were wet, but the sweat was standing in drops on her 
mane, her head, her sharp ears, and her breath came in 
short, sharp gasps. But he knew that she had strength 
left more than enough for the remaining five hundred 



264 LEO TOLSTOY 

yards. It was only from feeling himself nearer the ground 
and from the peculiar smoothness of his motion that 
Vronsky knew how greatly the mare had quickened her 
pace. She flew over the ditch as though not noticing it. 
She flew over it like a bird; but at the same instant 
Vronsky, to his horror, felt that he had failed to keep up 
with the mare's pace, that he had, he did not know how, 
.made a fearful, unpardonable mistake, in recovering his 
seat in the saddle. All at once his position had shifted and 
he knew that something awful had happened. He could 
not yet make out what had happened, when the white legs 
of a chestnut horse flashed by close to him, and Mahotin 
passed at a swift gallop. Vronsky was touching the ground 
with one foot, and his mare was sinking on that foot. He 
just had time to free his leg when she fell on one side, 
gasping painfully, and, making vain efforts to rise with 
her delicate, soaking neck, she fluttered on the ground at 
his feet like a shot bird. The clumsy movement made by 
Vronsky had broken her back. But that he only knew much 
later. At that moment he knew only that Mahotin had 
flown swiftly by, while he stood staggering alone on the 
muddy, motionless ground, and Frou-Frou lay gasping before 
him, bending her head back and gazing at him with her 
exquisite eye. Still unable to realise what had happened, 
Vronsky tugged at his mare's reins. Again she struggled 
all over like a fish, and her shoulders setting the saddle 
heaving, she rose on her front legs, but unable to lift her 
back, she quivered all over and again fell on her side. With 
a face hideous with passion, his lower jaw trembling, and 
his cheeks white, Vronsky kicked her with his heel in the 
stomach and again fell to tugging at the rein. She did not 
stir, but thrusting her nose into the ground, she simply 
gazed at her master with her speaking eyes. 

'A — a — a !' groaned Vronsky, clutching at his head. 'Ah ! 
what have I done !' he cried. 'The race lost ! And my 
fault ! shameful, unpardonable ! And the poor darling, 
ruined mare ! Ah ! what have I done !' 

A crowd of men, a doctor and his assistant, the officers of 
his regiment, ran up to him. To his misery he felt that he 
was whole and unhurt. The mare had broken her back, 



AXXA KAHENIX 265 

and it was decided to shoot her. Vronsky could not answer 
questions, could not speak to any one. He turned, and 
without picking up his cap that had fallen off walked away 
from the racecourse, not knowing where he was going. He 
felt utterly wretched. For the first time in his life he knew 
the bitterest sort of misfortune, misfortune beyond remedy, 
and caused by his own fault. 

Yashvin overtook him with his cap, and led him home, and 
half an hour later Vronsky had regained his self-possession. 
But the memory of that race remained for long in his heart, 
the cruellest and bitterest memory of his life. 



P— 10 



CHAPTER XXVI 

THE external relations of Alexey Alexandrovitch and 
his wife had remained unchanged. The sole differ- 
ence lay in the fact that he was more busily occupied 
than ever. As in former years, at the beginning of the 
spring he had gone to a foreign watering-place for the sake 
of his health, deranged by the winter's work that every year 
grew heavier. And just as always he returned in July and 
at once fell to work as usual with increased energy. As 
usual, too, his wife had moved for the summer to a villa 
out of town, while he remained in Petersburg. From the 
date of their conversation after the party at Princess 
Tverskoy's he had never spoken again to Anna of his sus- 
picions and his jealousies, and that habitual tone of his of 
bantering mimicry was the most convenient tone possible 
for his present attitude to his wife. He was a little colder 
to his wife. He simply seemed to be slightly displeased 
with her for that first midnight conversation, which she 
had repelled. In his attitude to her there was a shade of 
vexation, but nothing more. 'You would not be open with 
me,' he seemed to say, mentally addressing her ; 'so much 
the worse for you. Now you may beg as you please, but 
I won't be open with you. So much the worse for you !' 
he said mentally, like a man who, after vainly attempting 
to. extinguish a fire, should fly in a rage with his vain 
efforts and say, 'Oh, very well then ! you shall burn for 
this !' This man, so subtle and astute in official life, did 
not realise all the senselessness of such an attitude to his 
wife. He did not realise it, because it was too terrible to 
to him to realise his actual position, and he shut down and 
locked and sealed up in his heart that secret place where 
lay hid his feelings towards his family, that is, his wife 
and son. He who had been such a careful father, had from 
the end of that winter become peculiarly frigid to his son, 
and adopted to him just the same bantering tone he used 

266 



ANNA KARENIN 267 

with his wife. 'Aha, young man !' was the greeting with 
which he met him. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch asserted and beheved that he had 
never in any previous year had so much official business as 
that year. But he was not aware that he sought work for 
himself that year, that this was one of the means for keep- 
ing shut that secret place where lay hid his feelings towards 
his wife and son and his thoughts about them, which became 
more terrible the longer they lay there. If any one had 
had the right to ask Alexey Alexandrovitch what he thought 
of his wife's behaviour, the mild and peaceable Alexey 
Alexandrovitch would have made no answer, but he would 
have been greatly angered with any man who should ques- 
tion him on that subject. For this reason there positively 
came into Alexey Alexandrovitch's face a look of haughti- 
ness and severity whenever any one inquired after his wife's 
health. Alexey Alexandrovitch did not want to think at 
all about his wife's behaviour, and he actually succeeded in 
not thinking about it at all. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch's permanent summer villa was in 
Peterhof, and the Countess Lidia Ivanovna used as a rule to 
spend the summer there, close to Anna, and constantly 
seeing her. That year Countess Lidia Ivanovna declined 
to settle in Peterhof, was not once at Anna Arkadyevna's, 
and in conversation with Alexey Alexandrovitch hinted at 
the unsuitability of Anna's close intimacy with Betsy and 
Vronsky. Alexey Alexandrovitch sternly cut her short, 
roundly declaring his wife to be above suspicion, and from 
that time began to avoid Countess Lidia Ivanovna. He did 
not want to see, and did not see, that many people in 
society cast dubious glances on his wife; he did not want 
to understand, and did not understand, why his wife had 
so particularly insisted on staying at Tsarskoe, where 
Betsy was staying, and not far from the camp of Vronsky's 
regiment. He did not allow himself to think about it, and 
he did not think about it ; but all the same, though he 
never admitted it to himself, and had no proofs, nor even 
suspicious evidence, in the bottom of his heart he knew 
beyond all doubt that he was a deceived husband, and he 
was profoundly miserable about it. 



268 LEO TOLSTOY 

How often during those eight years of happy life with 
his wife Alexey Alexandrovitch had looked at other men's 
faithless wives and other deceived husbands and asked him- 
self: 'How can people descend to that? how is it they 
don't put an end to such a hideous position?' But now, 
when the misfortune had come upon himself, he was so far 
from thinking of putting an end to the position that he 
would not recognise it at all, would not recognise it just 
because it was too awful, too unnatural. 

Since his return from abroad Alexey Alexandrovitch had 
twice been at their country villa. Once he dined there, 
another time he spent the evening there with a party of 
friends, but he had not once stayed the night there, as it 
had been his habit to do in previous years. 

The day of the races had been a very busy day for Alexey 
Alexandrovitch ; but when mentally sketching out the day 
in the morning he made up his mind to go to their country 
house to see his wife immediately after dinner, and from 
there to the races, which all the Court were to witness, and 
at which he was bound to be present. He was going to 
see his wife, because he had determined to see her once a 
week to keep up appearances. And besides, on that day, 
as it was the fifteenth, he had to give his wife some money 
for her expenses, according to their usual arrangement. 

With his habitual control over his thoughts, though he 
thought all this about his wife, he did not let his thoughts 
stray further in regard to her. 

That morning was a very full one for Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch. The evening before. Countess Lidia Ivanovna had 
sent him a pamphlet by a celebrated traveller in China, 
who was staying in Petersburg, and with it she enclosed 
a note begging him to see the traveller himself, as he was 
an extremely interesting person from various points of 
view, and likely to be useful. Alexey Alexandrovitch had 
not had time to read the pamphlet through in the evening, 
and finished it in the morning. Then people began arriving 
with petitions, and there came the reports, interviews, 
appointments, dismissals, apportionment of rewards, pen- 
sions, grants. liotes, the work-a-day round, as Alexey Alex- 
androvitch called it, that always took up so much time. 



ANNA KARENIN 269 

Then there was private business of his own, a visit from 
the doctor and the steward who managed his property. 
The steward did not take up much time. He simply gave 
Alexey Alexandrovitch the money he needed together with 
a brief statement of the position of his affairs, which was 
not altogether satisfactory, as it had happened that during 
that year, owing to increased expenses, more had been paid 
out than usual, and there was a deficit. But the doctor, a 
celebrated Petersburg doctor, who was an intimate acquaint- 
ance of Alexey Alexandrovitch, took up a great deal of 
time. Alexey Alexandrovitch had not expected him that day 
and was surprised at his visit, and still more so when the 
doctor questioned him very carefully about his health, list- 
ened to his breathing, and tapped at his liver. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch did not know that his friend Lidia Ivanovna, 
noticing that he was not as well as usual that year, had 
begged the doctor to go and examine him. 'Do this for my 
sake,' the Countess Lidia Ivanovna had said to him. 

T will do it for the sake of Russia, countess,' replied the 
doctor. 

'A priceless man !' said the Countess Lidia Ivanovna. 

The doctor was extremely dissatisfied with Alexey Alex- 
androvitch. He found the liver considerably enlarged, and 
the digestive powers weakened, while the course of min- 
eral waters had been quite without effect. He prescribed 
more physical exercise as far as possible, and as far as possi- 
ble less mental strain, and above all no worry — in other 
words, just what was as much out of Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch's power as abstaining from breathing. Then he with- 
drew, leaving in Alexey Alexandrovitch an unpleasant sense 
that something was wrong with him, and that there was no 
chance of curing it. 

As he was coming away, the doctor chanced to meet on 
the staircase an acquaintance of his, Sludin, who was sec- 
retary of Alexey Alexandrovitch's department. They had 
been comrades at the university, and though they rarely 
met, they thought highly of each other and were excel- 
lent friends, and so there was no one to whom the doctor 
would have given his opinion of a patient so freely as to 
Sludin. 



270 LEO TOLSTOY 

'How glad I am you've been seeing him !' said Sludin. 
'He's not well, and I fancy . . . Well, what do you think 
of him?' 

'I'll tell you," said the doctor, beckoning over Sludin's head 
to his coachman to bring the carriage round. 'It's just this,' 
said the doctor, taking a finger of his kid glove in his white 
hands and pulling it, 'if you don't strain the strings, and 
then try to break them, you'll find it a difficult job; but strain 
a string to its very utmost, and the mere weight of one 
finger on the strained string will snap it. And with his 
close assiduity, his conscientious devotion to his work, he's 
strained to the utmost; and there's some outside burden 
weighing on him, and not a light one,' concluded the doctor, 
raising his eyebrows significantly. 'Will you be at the 
races?' he added, as he sank into his seat in the carriage. 

'Yes, yes, to be sure ; it does waste a lot of time,' the 
doctor responded vaguely to some reply of Sludin's he had 
not caught. 

Directly after the doctor, who had taken up so much time, 
came the celebrated traveller, and Alexey Alexandrovitch, 
by means of the pamphlet he had only just finished reading 
and his previous acquaintance with the subject, impressed 
the traveller by the depth of his knowledge of the subject 
and the breadth and enlightenment of his view of it. 

At the same time as the traveller there was announced a 
provincial marshal of nobility on a visit to Petersburg, with 
whom Alexey Alexandrovitch had to have some conversa- 
tion. After his departure, he had to finish the daily routine 
of business with his secretary, and then he still had to 
drive round to call on a certain great personage on a 
matter of grave and serious import. Alexey Alexandrovitch 
only just managed to be back by five o'clock, his dinner-hour, 
and after dining with his secretary, he invited him to drive 
with him to his country villa and to the races. 

Though he did not acknowledge it to himself, Alexey 
Alexandrovitch always tried nowadays to secure the presence 
of a third person in his interviews with his wife. 



CHAPTER XXVII 

ANNA was upstairs, standing before the looking-glass, 

l\ and, with Annushka's assistance, pinning the last rib- 
-* — *- bon on her gown when she heard carriage wheels 
crunching the gravel at the entrance. 

'It's too early for Betsy,' she thought, and glancing out 
of window she caught sight of the carriage and the black 
hat of Alexey Alexandrovitch, and the ears that she knew 
so well sticking up each side of it. 'How unlucky ! Can 
he be going to stay the night?' she wondered, and the 
thought of all that might come of such a chance struck her 
as so awful and terrible, that without dwelling on it for 
a moment, she went down to meet him with a bright and 
radiant face; and conscious of the presence of that spirit 
of falsehood and deceit in herself that she had come to know 
of late, she abandoned herself to that spirit and began 
talking, hardly knowing what she was saying. 

'Ah, how nice of you !' she said, giving her husband 
her hand, and greeting Sludin, who was like one of the 
family, with a smile. 'You're staying the night, I hope?' 
was the first word the spirit of falsehood prompted her to 
utter; 'and now we'll go together. Only it's a pity I've 
promised Betsy. She's coming for me.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch knit his brows at Betsy's name. 

'Oh, I'm not going to separate the inseparables,' he 
said in his usual bantering tone. 'I'm going with Mihail 
Vassilievitch. I'm ordered exercise by the doctors too. 
I'll walk, and fancy myself at the springs again.' 

'There's no hurry,' said Anna. 'Would you like tea?' 

She rang. 

'Bring in tea, and tell Seryozha that Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch is here. Well, tell me, how have you been? Mihail 
Vassilievitch, you've not been to see me before. Look how 
lovely it is out on the terrace,' she said, turning first to one 
and then to the other. 

271 



272 LEO TOLSTOY 

She spoke very simply and naturally, but too much and 
too fast. She was the more aware of this from noticing 
in the inquisitive look Mihail Vassilievitch turned on her 
that he was, as it were, keeping watch on her. 

Mihail Vassilievitch promptly went out on the terrace. 

She sat down beside her husband. 

'You don't look quite well,' she said. 

'Yes,' he said; 'the doctor's been with me to-day and 
wasted an hour of my time. I feel that some one of our 
friends must have sent him : my health's so precious, it 
seems.' 

'No ; what did he say ?' 

She questioned him about his health and what he had been 
doing, and tried to persuade him to take a rest and come 
out to her. 

All this she said brightly, rapidly, and with a peculiar 
brilliance in her eyes. But Alexey Alexandrovitch did not 
now attach any special significance to this tone of hers. He 
heard only her words and gave them only the direct sense 
they bore. And he answered simply, though jestingly. 
There was nothing remarkable in all this conversation, but 
never after could Anna recall this brief scene without an 
agonising pang of shame. 

Seryozha came in preceded by his governess. If Alexey 
Alexandrovitch had allowed himself to observe he would 
have noticed the timid and bewildered eyes with which 
Seryozha glanced first at his father and then at his mother. 
But he would not see anything, and he did not see it. 

'Ah, the young man ! He's grown. Really, he's getting 
quite a man. How are you, young man?' 

And he gave his hand to the scared child. Seryozha had 
been shy of his father before, and now, ever since Alexey 
Alexandrovitch had taken to calling him young man. and 
since that insoluble question had occurred to him whether 
Vronsky were a friend or a foe, he avoided his father. 
He looked round towards his mother as though seek- 
ing shelter. It was only with his mother that he was 
at ease. 

Meanwhile, Alexey Alexandrovitch was holding his son by 
the shoulder while he was speaking to the governess, and 



ANNA KARENIN 273 

Seryozha was so miserably uncomfortable that Anna saw 
he was on the point of tears. 

Anna, who had flushed a little the instant her son came 
in, noticing that Seryozha was uncomfortable, got up hur- 
riedly, took Alexey Alexandrovitch's hand from her son's 
shoulder, and kissing the boy, led him out on to the ter- 
race, and quickly came back. 

"It's time to start, though,' said she, glancing at her watch. 
'How is it Betsy doesn't come? . . .' 

'Yes,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, and getting up, he 
folded his hands and cracked his fingers. 'I've come to 
bring you some money too, for nightingales, we know, can't 
live on fairy tales,' he said. 'You want it, I expect?' 

'No, I don't . . . yes, I do,' she said, not looking at him, 
and crimsoning to the roots of her hair. 'But you'll come 
back here after the races, I suppose?' 

'Oh yes !' answered Alexey Alexandrovitch. 'And here's 
the glory of Peterhof, Princess Tverskoy,' he added, looking 
out of window at the elegant English carriage with the tiny 
seats placed extremely high. 'What elegance ! Charming ! 
Well, let us be starting too, then.' 

Princess Tverskoy did not get out of her carriage, but 
her groom, in high boots, a cape, and black hat, darted out at 
the entrance. 

'I'm going ; good-bye !' said Anna, and kissing her son, 
she went up to Alexey Alexandrovitch and held out her 
hand to him. 'It was ever so nice of you to come.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch kissed her hand. 

'Well, au rcvoir, then! You'll come back for some tea; 
that's delightful !' she said, and went out, gay and radiant. 
But as soon as she no longer saw him, she was aware of the 
spot on her hand that his lips had touched, and she shud- 
dered with repulsion. 



CHAPTER XXVIII 

WHEN Alexey Alexandrovitch reached the race- 
course, Anna was already sitting in the pavilion 
beside Betsy, in that pavilion where all the high- 
est society had gathered. She caught sight of her husband 
in the distance. Two men, her husband and her lover, were 
the two centers of her existence, and unaided by her exter- 
nal senses she was aware of their nearness. She w^as 
aware of her husband approaching a long way off, and she 
could not help following him in the surging crowd in the 
midst of which he was moving. She watched his progress 
towards the pavilion, saw him now responding condescend- 
ingly to an ingratiating bow, now exchanging friendly, non- 
chalant greetings with his equals, now assiduously trying 
to catch the eye of some great one of this world, and taking 
off his big round hat that squeezed the tips of his ears. 
All these ways of his she knew, and all were hateful to her. 
'Nothing but ambition, nothing but the desire to get on, 
that's all there is in his soul,' she thought ; 'as for these 
lofty ideals, love of culture, religion, they are only so many 
tools for getting on.' 

From his glances towards the ladies' pavilion (he was 
staring straight at her, but did not distinguish his wife 
in the sea of muslin, ribbons, feathers, parasols and 
flowers) she saw that he was looking for her, but she 
purposely avoided noticing him. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch!' Princess Betsy called to him; 
'I'm sure you don't see your wife : here she is.' 

He smiled his chilly smile. 

'There's so much splendour here that one's eyes are 
dazzled,' he said, and he went into the pavilion. He smiled 
to his wife as a man should smile on meeting his wife after 
only just parting from her, and greeted the princess and other 
acquaintances, giving to each what was due — that is to say, 
jesting with the ladies and dealing out friendly greetings 

274 



ANXA KARENIN 275 

among the men. Below, near the pavilion, was standing an 
adjutant-general of whom Alexey Alexandrovitch had a 
high opinion, noted for his intelligence and culture. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch entered into conversation with him. 

There was an interval between the races, and so nothing 
hindered conversation. The adjutant-general expressed his 
disapproval of races. Alexey Alexandrovitch replied defend- 
ing them. Anna heard his high, measured tones, not losing 
one word, and every word struck her as false, and stabbed 
her ears with pain. 

When the three-mile steeplechase was beginning, she bent 
forward and gazed with fixed eyes at Vronsky as he went 
up to his horse and mounted, and at the same time she 
heard that loathsome, never-ceasing voice of her husband. 
She was in an agony of terror for Vronsky. but a still 
greater agony was the never-ceasing, as it seemed to her, 
stream of her husband's shrill voice with its familiar 
intonations. 

'I'm a wicked woman, a lost woman.' she thought ; 'but I 
don't like lying, I can't endure falsehood, while as for him 
(her husband) it's the breath of his life — falsehood. He 
knows all about it, he sees it all ; what does he care if he 
can talk so calmly? If he were to kill me. if he were to 
kill Vronsky, I might respect him. No, all he wants is 
falsehood and propriety,' Anna said to herself, not consid- 
ering exactly what it was she wanted of her husband, and 
how she would have liked to see him behave. She did not 
understand either that Alexey Alex'androvitch's peculiar 
loquacity that day, so exasperating to her, was merely the 
expression of his inward distress and uneasiness. As a 
child that has been hurt skips about, putting all his muscles 
into movement to drown the pain, in the same way Alexey 
Alexandrovitch needed mental exercise to drown the 
thoughts of his wife that in her presence and in Vronsky's, 
and with the continual iteration of his name, would force 
themselves on his attention. And it was as natural for him 
to talk well and cleverly, as it is natural for a child to 
skip about. He was saying — 

'Danger in the races of officers, of cavalry men, is an 
essential element in the race. If England can point to the 



276 LEO TOLSTOY 

most brilliant feats of cavalry in military history, it is 
simply owing to the fact that she has historically developed 
this force both in beasts and in men. Sport has, in my 
opinion, a great value, and as is always the case, we see 
nothing but what is most superficial.' 

'It's not superficial,' said Princess Tverskoy. 'One of the 
officers, they say, has broken two ribs.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch smiled his smile, which uncovered 
his teeth, but revealed nothing more. 

'We'll admit, princess, that that's not superficial,' he said, 
'but internal. But that's not the point,' and he turned again 
to the general with whom he was talking seriously; 'we 
mustn't forget that those who are taking part in the race are 
military men, who have chosen that career, and one must 
allow that every calling has its disagreeable side. It forms 
an integral part of the duties of an officer. Low sports, 
such as prize-fighting or Spanish bull-fights, are a sign of 
barbarity. But specialised trials of skill are a sign of 
development.' 

'No, I shan't come another time ; it's too upsetting,' said 
Princess Betsy. 'Isn't it, Anna?' 

'It is upsetting, but one can't tear oneself away,' said 
another lady. 'If I'd been a Roman woman I should never 
have missed a single circus.' 

Anna said nothing, and keeping her opera-glass up, gazed 
always at the same spot. 

At that moment a tall general walked through the pavilion. 
Breaking off what he was saying, Alexey Alexandrovitch 
got up hurriedly, though with dignity, and bowed low to 
the general. 

'You're not racing?" the officer asked, chaffing him. 

'Aly race is a harder one,' Alexey Alexandrovitch 
responded deferentially. 

And though the answer meant nothing, the general looked 
as though he had heard a witty remark from a witty man, 
and fully relished la pointc dc la sauce. 

'There are two aspects,' Alexey Alexandrovitch resumed : 
'those who take part and those who look on; and love for 
such spectacles is an unmistakable proof of a low degree 
of development in the spectator, I admit, but . . .' 



ANNA KARENIN 277 

'Princess, bets !' sounded Stepan Arkadyevitch's voice from 
below, addressing Betsy. 'Who's your favourite?' 

'Anna and I are for Kuzovlev,' replied Betsy. 

'I'm for Vronsky. A pair of gloves?' 

'Done !' 

'But it is a pretty sight, isn't it?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch paused while there was talking 
about him, but he began again directly. 

'I admit that manly sports do not . . .' he was continuing. 

But at that moment the racers started, and all conversation 
ceased. Alexey Alexandrovitch too was silent, and every 
one stood up and turned towards the stream. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch took no interest in the race, and so he did 
not watch the racers, but fell to listlessly scanning the 
spectators with his weary eyes. His eyes rested upon Anna. 

Her face was white and set. She was obviously seeing 
nothing and no one but one man. Her hand had convul- 
sively clutched her fan, and she held her breath. He 
looked at her and hastily turned away, scrutinising other 
faces. 

'But here's this lady too, and others very much moved 
as well; it's very natural,' Alexey Alexandrovitch told 
himself. He tried not to look at her, but unconsciously 
his eyes were drawn to her. He examined that face again, 
trying not to read what was so plainly written on it, and 
against his own will, with horror read on it what he did 
not want to know. 

The first fall — Kuzovlev's, at the stream — agitated every 
one, but Alexey Alexandrovitch saw distinctly on Anna's 
pale, triumphant face that the man she was watching had 
not fallen. When, after Mahotin and Vronsky had cleared 
the worst barrier, the next officer had been thrown straight 
on his head at it and fatally injured, and a shudder of 
horror passed over the whole public, Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch saw that Anna did not even notice it, and had some 
difficulty in realising what they were talking of about her. 
But more and more often, and with greater persistence, he 
watched her. Anna, wholly engrossed as she was with 
the race, became aware of her husband's cold eyes fixed upon 
her from one side. 



278 LEO TOLSTOY 

She glanced round for an instant, looked inquiringly at 
him, and with a slight frown turned away again. 

'Ah, I don't care !' she seemed to say to him, and she did 
not once glance at him again. 

The race was an unlucky one, and of the seventeen officers 
who rode in it more than half were thrown and hurt. 
Towards the end of the race every one was in a state of 
agitation, which was intensified by the fact that the Tsar 
was displeased. 



CHAPTER XXIX 

EVERY one was loudly expressing disapprobation, every 
one was repeating a phrase some one had uttered — 
"The lions and gladiators will be the next thing,' and 
every one was feeling horrified ; so that when Vronsky 
fell to the ground, and Anna moaned aloud, there was noth- 
ing very out of the way in it. But afterwards a change 
came over Anna's face which really was beyond decorum. 
She utterly lost her head. She began fluttering like a caged 
bird, at one moment would have got up and moved away, 
at the next turned to Betsy. 

'Let us go, let us go !' she said. 

But Betsy did not hear her. She was bending down, 
talking to a general who had come up to her. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch went up to Anna and courteously 
offered her his arm. 

'Let us go, if you like,' he said in French, but Anna was 
listening to the general and did not notice her husband. 

"He's broken his leg too, so they say,' the general was 
saying. 'This is beyond everything.' 

Without answering her husband, Anna lifted her opera- 
glass and gazed towards the place where Vronsky had 
fallen ; but it was so far off, and there was such a crowd 
of people about it, that she could make out nothing. She 
laid down the opera-glass, and would have moved away, but 
at that moment an officer galloped up and made some 
announcement to the Tsar. Anna craned forward, listening. 

'Stiva ! Stiva !' she cried to her brother. 

But her brother did not hear her. Again she would have 
moved away. 

'Once more I offer you my arm if you want to be going,' 
said Alexey Alexandrovitch, reaching towards her hand. 

She drew back from him with aversion, and without look- 
ing in his face answered — 

"No, no, let me be, I'll stay.' 

279 



280 LEO TOLSTOY 

She saw now that from the place of Vronsky's accident an 
officer was running across the course towards the pavilion. 
Betsy waved her handkerchief to him. The officer brought 
the news that the rider was not killed, but the horse had 
broken its back. 

On hearing this Anna sat down hurriedly, and hid her face 
in her fan. Alexey Alexandrovitch saw that she was weep- 
ing, and could not control her tears, nor even the sobs that 
were shaking her bosom. Alexey Alexandrovitch stood so as 
to screen her, giving her time to recover herself. 

'For the third time I offer you my arm.' he said to her after 
a little time, turning to her. Anna gazed at him and did 
not know what to say. Princess Betsy came to her rescue. 

'No, Alexey Alexandrovitch ; I brought Anna and I prom- 
ised to take her home,' put in Betsy. 

'Excuse me, princess,' he said, smiling courteously, but 
looking her very firmly in the face, 'but I see that Anna's 
not very well, and I wish her to come home with me.' 

Anna looked about her in a frightened way, got up sub- 
missively, and laid her hand on her husband's arm. 

'I'll send to him and find out, and let you know,' Betsy 
whispered to her. 

As they left the pavilion, Alexey Alexandrovitch, as 
always, talked to those he met, and Anna had, as always, 
to talk and answer; but she was utterly beside herself, and 
moved hanging on her husband's arm as though in a dream. 

'Is he killed or not? Is it true? Will he come or not? 
Shall I see him to-day?' she was thinking. 

She took her seat in her husband's carriage in silence, and 
in silence drove out of the crowd of carriages. In spite of 
all he had seen, Alexey Alexandrovitch still did not allow 
himself to consider his wife's real condition. He merely 
saw the outward symptoms. He saw that she was behaving 
unbecomingly, and considered it his duty to tell her so. 
But it was very difficult for him not to say more, to tell 
her nothing but that. He opened his mouth to tell her she 
had behaved unbecomingly, but he could not help saying 
something utterly different. 

'What an inclination we all have, though, for these cruel 
spectacles !' he said. 'I observe . . .' 



ANNA ICARENIN 281 

'Eh? I don't understand,' said Anna contemptuously. 

He was offended, and at once began to say what he had 
meant to say. 

'I am obHged to tell you,' he began. 

'So now we are to have it out,' she thought, and she felt 
frightened. 

'I am obliged to tell you that your behaviour has been 
unbecoming to-day,' he said to her in French. 

'In what way has my behaviour been unbecoming?' she 
said aloud, turning her head swiftly and looking him straight 
in the face, not with the bright expression that seemed 
covering something, but with a look of determination, under 
which she concealed with difficulty the dismay she was 
feeling, 

'Mind,' he said, pointing to the open window opposite 
the coachman. 

He got up and pulled up the window. 

'What did you consider unbecoming?' she repeated. 

'The despair you were unable to conceal at the accident 
to one of the riders.' 

He waited for her to answer, but she was silent, looking 
straight before her. 

'I have already begged you so to conduct yourself in 
society that even malicious tongues can find nothing to say 
against you. There was a time when I spoke of your inward 
attitude, but I am not speaking of that now. Now I speak 
only of your external attitude. You have behaved improp- 
erly, and I would wish it not to occur again.' 

She did not hear half of what he was saying ; she felt 
panic-stricken before him, and was thinking whether it 
was true that Vronsky was not killed. Was it of him they 
were speaking when they said the rider was unhurt, but 
the horse had broken its back? She merely smiled with 
a pretence of irony when he finished, and made no reply, 
because she had not heard what he said. Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch had begun to speak boldly, but as he realised 
plainly what he was speaking of, the dismay she was feeling 
infected him too. 

He saw the smile, and a strange misapprehension came 
over him. 



282 LEO TOLSTOY 

'She is smiling at my suspicions. Yes, she will tell me 
directly what she told me before ; that there is no foundation 
for my suspicions, that it's absurd.' 

At that moment, when the revelation of everything was 
hanging over him, there was nothing he expected so much 
as that she would answer mockingly as before that his 
suspicions were absurd and utterly groundless. So terrible 
to him was what he knew that now he was ready to believe 
anything. 

But the expression of her face, scared and gloomy, did 
not now promise even deception. 

'Possibly I was mistaken,' said he. 'If so, I beg your 
pardon.' 

'No, you were not mistaken,' she said deliberately, looking 
desperately into his cold face. 'You were not mistaken. I 
was, and I could not help being in despair. I hear you, 
but I am thinking of him. I love him, I am his mistress ; 
I can't bear you; I'm afraid of you, and I hate you. . . . 
You can do what you like to me.' 

And dropping back into the corner of the carriage, she 
broke into sobs, hiding her face in her hands. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch did not stir, and kept looking straight 
before him. But his whole face suddenly bore the solemn 
rigidity of the dead, and his expression did not change 
during the whole time of the drive home. On reaching the 
house he turned his head to her, still with the same 
expression. 

'Very well ! But I expect a strict observance of the 
external forms of propriety till such time' — his voice shook 
— 'as I may take measures to secure my honour and com- 
municate them to you.' 

He got out first and helped her to get out. Before the 
servants he pressed her hand, took his seat in the carriage, 
and drove back to Petersburg. Immediately afterwards 
a footman came from Princess Betsy and brought Anna a 
note. 

'I sent to Alexey to find out how he is, and he writes me 
he is quite well and unhurt, but in despair.' 

'So he will be here,' she thought. 'What a good thing I 
told him all!' 



ANNA KARENIN 283 

She glanced at her watch. She had still three hours to 
wait, and the memories of their last meeting set her blood 
in flame. 

'My God. how light it is ! It's dreadful, but I do love to 
see his face, and I do love this fantastic light. . . . My hus- 
band ! Oh ! yes . . . Well, thank God ! everything's over 
with him.' 



CHAPTER XXX 

IN the little German watering-place to which the Shtcher- 
batskys had taken themselves, as in all places indeed 
where people are gathered together, the usual process, as 
it were, of the crystallisation of society went on, assigning 
to each member of that society a definite and unalterable 
place. Just as the particle of water in frost, definitely and 
unalterably, takes the special form of the crystal of snow, 
so each new person that arrived at the springs was at once 
placed in his special place. 

Fiirst Shtcherbatsky, sammt Gcmalin, und Tochter, by the 
apartments they took, and from their name and from the 
friends they made, were immediately crystallised into a 
definite place marked out for them. 

There was visiting the watering-place that year a real 
German Fiirstin, in consequence of which the crystallising 
process went on more vigorously than ever. Princess 
Shtcherbatsky wished, above everything, to present her 
daughter to this German princess, and the day after their 
arrival she duly performed this rite. Kitty made a low and 
graceful curtsey in the very simple, that is to say, very ele- 
gant frock that had been ordered her from Paris. The 
German princess said, T hope the roses will soon come 
back to this pretty little face,' and for the Shtcherbatskys 
certain definite lines of existence were at once laid down 
from which there was no departing. The Shtcherbatskys 
made the acquaintance too of the family of an English 
Lady Somebody, and of a German countess and her son, 
wounded in the last war, and of a learned Swede, and of 
M. Canut and his sister. But yet inevitably the Shtcher- 
batskys were thrown most into the society of a Moscow 
lady, Marya Yevgenyevna Rtishtchov and her daughter, 
whom Kitty disliked, because she had fallen ill, like herself, 
over a love affair, and a Moscow colonel, whom Kitty had 

284 



ANNA KARENIN 285 

known from childhood, and always seen in uniform and 
epaulettes, and who now, with his little eyes and his open 
neck and flowered cravat, was uncommonly ridiculous and 
tedious, because there was no getting rid of him. When all 
this was so firmly established, Kitty began to be very much 
bored, especially as the prince went away to Carlsbad and 
she was left alone with her mother. She took no interest 
in the people she knew, feeling that nothing fresh would 
come of them. Her chief mental interest at the watering- 
place consisted in watching and making theories about the 
people she did not know. It was characteristic of Kitty 
that she always imagined everything in people in the most 
favourable light possible, especially so in those she did not 
know. And now as she made surmises as to who people 
were, what were their relations to one another, and what 
they were like, Kitty endowed them with the most mar- 
vellous and noble characters, and found confirmation of 
her idea in her observations. 

Of these people the one that attracted her most was a 
Russian girl who had come to the watering-place with an 
invalid Russian lady, Madame Stahl, as every one called her. 
Madame Stahl belonged to the highest society, but she was 
so ill that she could not walk, and only on exceptionally 
fine days made her appearance at the springs in an invalid 
carriage. But it was not so much from ill-health as from 
pride — so Princess Shtcherbatsky interpreted it — that 
Madame Stahl had not made the acquaintance of any one 
among the Russians there. The Russian girl looked after 
Madame Stahl, and besides that, she was, as Kitty observed, 
on friendly terms with all the invalids who were seriously 
ill, and there were many of them at the springs, and looked 
after them in the most natural way. This Russian girl 
was not, as Kitty gathered, related to Madame Stahl, nor 
was she a paid attendant. Madame Stahl called her Varenka, 
and other people called her 'Mademoiselle Varenka.' Apart 
from the interest Kitty took in this girl's relations with 
Madame Stahl and with other unknown persons, Kitty, as 
often happens, felt an inexplicable attraction to Mademoiselle 
Varenka, and was aware when their eyes met that she too 
liked her. 



286 LEO TOLSTOY 

Of Mademoiselle Varenka one would not say that she 
had passed her first youth, but she was, as it were, a creature 
without youth; she might have been taken for nineteen 
or for thirty. If her features were criticised separately, 
she was handsome rather than plain, in spite of the sickly 
hue of her face. She would have been a good figure too, 
if it had not been for her extreme thinness and the size 
of her head, which was too large for her medium height. 
But she was not likely to be attractive to men. She was 
like a fine flower, already past its bloom and without fra- 
grance, though the petals were still unwithered. Moreover, 
she would have been unattractive to men also from the 
lack of just what Kitty had too much of — of the suppressed 
fire of vitality, and the consciousness of her own attractive- 
ness. 

She always seemed absorbed in work about which there 
could be no doubt, and so it seemed she could not take 
interest in anything outside it. It w^as just this contrast 
with her own position that was for Kitty the great attrac- 
tion of Mademoiselle Varenka. Kitty felt that in her, in 
her manner of life, she would find an example of what she 
was now so painfully seeking: interest in life, a dignity 
in life — apart from the worldly relations of girls with men, 
which so revolted Kitty, and appeared to her now as a 
shameful hawking about of goods in search of a purchaser. 
The more attentively Kitty watched her unknown friend, 
the more convinced she was this girl was the perfect crea- 
ture she fancied her, and the more eagerly she wished to 
make her acquaintance. 

The two girls used to meet several times a day, and every 
time they met, Kitty's eyes said: 'Who are you? What 
are you? Are you really the exquisite creature I imagine 
you to be? But for goodness' sake don't suppose,' her 
eyes added, 'that I would force my acquaintance on you, 
I simply admire you and like you.' 'I like you too, and 
you're very, very sweet. And I should like you better 
still, if I had time,' answered the eyes of the unknown girl. 
Kitty saw, indeed, that she was always busy. Either she 
was taking the children of a Russian family home from 
the springs, or fetching a shawl for a sick lady, and wrap- 



ANJ^A KARENIN 287 

ping her up in it, or trying to interest an irritable invalid, 
or selecting and buying cakes for tea for some one. 

Soon after the arrival of the Shtcherbatskys there appeared 
in the morning crowd at the springs two persons who 
attracted universal and unfavourable attention. These were 
a tall man with a stooping figure, and huge hands, in an 
old coat too short for him, with black, simple, and yet 
terrible, eyes, and a pock-marked, kind-looking woman, very 
badly and tastelessly dressed. Recognising these persons 
as Russians, Kitty had already in her imagination begun 
constructing a delightful and touching romance about them. 
But the princess, having ascertained from the visitors' list 
that this was Nikolay Levin and Marya Nikolaevna, 
explained to Kitty what a bad man this Levin was, and all 
her fancies about these two people vanished. Not so much 
from what her mother told her, as from the fact that it 
was Konstantin's brother, this pair suddenly seemed to 
Kitty intensely unpleasant. This Levin, with his continual 
twitching of his head, aroused in her now an irrepressible 
feeling of disgust. 

It seemed to her that his big, terrible eyes, which persist- 
ently pursued her, expressed a feeling of hatred and con- 
tempt, and she tried to avoid meeting him. 



CHAPTER XXXI 

IT was a wet day; it had been raining all the morning, 
and the invalids, with their parasols, had flocked into the 
arcades. 

Kitty was walking there with her mother, and the Mos- 
cow colonel, smart and jaunty in his European coat, bought 
ready-made at Frankfort. They were walking on one 
side of the arcade, trying to avoid Levin, who was walking 
on the other side. Varenka, in her dark dress, in a black 
hat with a turn-down brim, was walking up and down the 
whole length of the arcade with a blind Frenchwoman, 
and, every time she met Kitty, they exchanged friendly 
glances. 

'Mamma, couldn't I speak to her?' said Kitty, watch- 
ing her unknown friend, and noticing that she was go- 
ing up to the spring, and that they might come there 
together. 

'Oh, if you want to so much, I'll find out about her first 
and make her acquaintance myself,' answered her mother. 
'What do you see in her out of the way? A companion, she 
must be. If you like, I'll make acquaintance with Madame 
Stahl; I used to know her hclle-sceiir' added the princess, 
lifting her head haughtily. 

Kitty knew that the princess was ofifended that Madame 
Stahl had seemed to avoid making her acquaintance. Kitty 
did not insist. 

'How wonderfully sweet she is !' she said, gazing at 
Varenka just as. she handed a glass to the Frenchwoman. 
'Look how natural and sweet it all is.' 

Tt's so funny to see your engouemcnts' said the princess. 
'No, we'd better go back.* she added, noticing Levin coming 
towards them with his companion and a German doctor, to 
whom he was talking very noisily and angrily. 

They turned to go back, when suddenly they heard, not 
noisy talk, but shouting. Levin, stopping short, was shouting 



ANNA KAREXIX 289 

at the doctor, and the doctor, too, was excited. A crowd 
gathered about them. The princess and Kitty beat a hasty 
retreat, while the colonel joined the crowd to find out what 
was the matter. 

A few minutes later the colonel overtook them. 

'What was it?' inquired the princess. 

'Scandalous and disgraceful !' answered the colonel. 'The 
one thing to be dreaded is meeting Russians abroad. That 
tall gentleman was abusing the doctor, flinging all sorts of 
insults at him because he wasn't treating him quite as he 
liked, and he began waving his stick at him. It's simply 
a scandal !' 

'Oh, how unpleasant !' said the princess. 'Well, and how 
did it end?' 

'Luckily at that point that . . . the one in the mushroom 
hat . . . intervened. A Russian lady, I think she is,' said 
the colonel. 

'Mademoiselle Varenka?' asked Kitty. 

'Yes, yes. She came to the rescue before any one; she 
took the man by the arm and led him away.' 

'There, mamma,' said Kitty; 'you wonder that I'm enthu- 
siastic about her.' 

The next day, as she watched her unknown friend, Kitty 
noticed that Mademoiselle Varenka was already on the 
same terms with Levin and his companion as with her other 
proteges. She went up to them, entered into conversation 
with them, and served as interpreter for the woman, who 
could not speak any foreign language. 

Kitty began to entreat her mother still more urgently to 
let her make friends with Varenka. And, disagreeable as 
it was to the princess to seem to take the first step in wish- 
ing to make the acquaintance of Madame Stahl, who thought 
fit to give herself airs, she made inquiries about Varenka, 
and, having ascertained particulars about her tending to 
prove that there could be no harm though little good in the 
acquaintance, she herself approached Varenka and made 
acquaintance with her. 

Choosing a time when her daughter had gone to the spring, 
while Varenka had stopped opposite the baker's, the princess 
went up to her. 



290 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Allow me to make your acquaintance,' she said, with her 
dignified smile. 'My daughter has lost her heart to you,' she 
said. 'Possibly you do not know me. I am . . .' 

'That feeling is more than reciprocal, princess,' Varenka 
answered hurriedly. 

'What a good deed you did yesterday to our poor com- 
patriot !' said the princess. 

Varenka flushed a little. 'I don't remember. I don't 
think I did anything,' she said. 

'Why, you saved that Levin from disagreeable conse- 
quences.' 

'Yes, sa cotnpagne called me, and I tried to pacify him; 
he's very ill, and was dissatisfied with the doctor. I'm used 
to looking after such invalids.' 

'Yes; I've heard you live at Mentone with your aunt — I 
think — Madame Stahl : I used to know her bclle-socur.' 

'No, she's not my aunt. I call her mamma, but I am not 
related to her ; I was brought up by her,' answered Varenka, 
flushing a little again. 

This was so simply said, and so sweet was the truthful 
and candid expression of her face, that the princess saw why 
Kitty had taken such a fancy to Varenka. 

'Well, and what's this Levin going to do?' asked the 
princess. 

'He's going away,' answered Varenka. 

At that instant Kitty came up from the spring beaming 
with delight that her mother had become acquainted with 
her unknown friend. 

'Well, see, Kitty, your intense desire to make friends with 
Mademoiselle . . .' 

'Varenka,' Varenka put in smiling, 'that's what every one 
calls me.' 

Kitty blushed with pleasure, and slowly, without speaking, 
pressed her new friend's hand, which did not respond to her 
pressure, but lay motionless in her hand. 

The hand did not respond to her pressure, but the face 
of Mademoiselle Varenka glowed with a soft, glad, though 
rather mournful, smile, that showed large but handsome 
teeth. 

'I have long wished for this too,' she said. 



ANNA KAREXIN 291 

'But you are so busy.' 

'Oh no, I'm not at all busy, answered Varenka, but at 
that moment she had to leave her new friends because two 
little Russian girls, children of an invalid, ran up to her. 

'Varenka, mamma's calling!' they cried. 

And Varenka went after them. 



CHAPTER XXXII 

THE particulars which the princess had learned in 
regard to Varenka's past and her relations with 
Madame Stahl were as follows. 

Madame Stahl, of whom some people said that she had 
worried her husband out of his life, while others said it 
was he who had made her wretched by his immoral behav- 
iour, had always been a woman of weak health and enthu- 
siastic temperament. When, after her separation from her 
husband, she gave birth to her only child, the child had 
died almost immediately, and the family of Madame Stahl, 
knowing her sensibility, and fearing the news would kill 
her, had substituted another child, a baby born the same 
night and in the same house in Petersburg, the daughter of 
the chief cook of the Imperial Household. This was 
Varenka. Madame Stahl learned later on that Varenka 
was not her own child, but she went on bringing her up, 
especially as very soon afterwards Varenka had not a rela- 
tion of her own living. Madame Stahl had now been living 
more than ten years continuously abroad, in the south, never 
leaving her couch. And some people said that Madame 
Stahl had made her social position as a philanthropic 
highly religious woman ; other people said she really was at 
heart the highly ethical being, living for nothing but the 
good of her fellow-creatures, which she represented her- 
self to be. No one knew what her faith was — Catholic, 
Protestant, or Orthodox. But one fact was indubitable — 
she was in amicable relations with the highest dignitaries 
of all the churches and sects. 

Varenka lived with her all the while abroad, and every one 
who knew Madame Stahl knew and liked Mademoiselle 
Varenka, as every one called her. 

Having learned all these facts, the princess found nothing 
to object to in her daughter's intimacy with Varenka, more 
especially as Varenka's breeding and education was of the 

292 



ANNA KARENIN 293 

best — she spoke French and English extremely well — and 
what was of the most weight, brought a message from 
Madame Stahl expressing her regret that she was pre- 
vented by her ill-health from making the acquaintance of 
the princess. 

After getting to know Varenka. Kitty became more and 
more fascinated by her friend, and every day she discov- 
ered new virtues in her. 

The princess, hearing that Varenka had a good voice, 
asked her to come and sing to them in the evening. 

'Kitty plays, and we have a piano; not a good one, it's 
true, but you will give us so much pleasure,' said the princess 
with her affected smile, which Kitty disliked particularly 
just then, because she noticed that Varenka had no inclina- 
tion to sing. Varenka came, however, in the evening and 
brought a roll of music with her. The princess had 
invited Marya Yevgenyevna and her daughter and the 
colonel. 

Varenka seemed quite unaffected by there being persons 
present she did not know, and she went directly to the piano. 
She could not accompany herself, but she could sing music 
at sight very well. Kitty, who played well, accompanied 
her. 

'You have an extraordinary talent,' the princess said to her 
after Varenka had sung the first song extremely well. 

Marya Yevgenyevna and her daughter expressed their 
thanks and admiration. 

'Look,' said the colonel, looking out of window, 'what an 
audience has collected to listen to you.' There actually was 
quite a considerable crowd under the windows. 

'I am very glad it gives you pleasure,' Varenka answered 
simply. 

Kitty looked with pride at her friend. She was enchanted 
by her talent, and her voice and her face, but most of all by 
her manner, by the way Varenka obviously thought nothing 
of her singing and was quite unmoved by their praises. 
She seemed only to be asking: 'Am I to sing again, or is 
that enough?' 

'If it had been I,' thought Kitty, 'how proud I should have 
been ! How delighted I should have been to see that crowd 



294 LEO TOLSTOY 

under the windows ! But she's utterly unmoved by it. Her 
only motive is to avoid refusing and to please mamma. 
What is there in her ? What is it gives her the power to look 
down on everything, to be calm independently of every- 
thing? How I should like to know it and to learn it of her !' 
thought Kitty, gazing into her serene face. The princess 
asked Varenka to sing again, and Varenka sang another 
song, also smoothly, distinctly, and well, standing erect at 
the piano and beating time on it with her thin, dark-skinned 
hand. 

The next song in the book was an Italian one. Kitty 
played the opening bars, and looked round at Varenka. 

'Let's skip that,' said Varenka, flushing a little. Kitty let 
her eyes rest on Varenka's face, with a look of dismay 
and inquiry. 

'Very well, the next one,' she said hurriedly, turning over 
the pages, and at once feeling that there was something 
connected with the song. 

'No,' answered Varenka with a smile, laying her hand 
on the music, 'no, let's have that one.' And she sang it just 
as quietly, as coolly, and as well as the others. 

When she had finished, they all thanked her again, and 
went off to tea. 

Kitty and Varenka went out into the little garden that 
adjoined the house. 

"Am I right, that you have some reminiscences connected 
with that song?' said Kitty. 'Don't tell me,' she added 
hastily, 'only say, if I'm right.' 

'No, why not? I'll tell you simply,' said Varenka, and, 
without waiting for a reply, she went on : 'Yes, it brings up 
memories, once painful ones. I cared for some one once, and 
I used to sing him that song.' 

Kitty with big, wide-open eyes gazed silently, sympathet- 
ically at Varenka. 

'I cared for him, and he cared for me ; but his mother did 
not wish it, and he married another girl. He's living now 
not far from us, and I see him sometimes. You didn't think. 
I had a love-story too,' she said, and there was a faint 
gleam in her handsome face of that fire which Kitty felt 
must once have glowed all over her. 



ANNA KARENIN 295 

'I didn't think so? Why, if I were a man, I could never 
care for any one else after knowing you. Only I can't 
understand how he could, to please his mother, forget you 
and make you unhappy; he had no heart.' 

'Oh no, he's a very good man, and I'm not unhappy ; quite 
the contrary, I'm very happy. Well, so we shan't be sing- 
ing any more now,' she added, turning towards the house. 

'How good you are ! how good you are !' cried Kitty, and 
stopping her, she kissed her. 'If I could only be even a 
little like you !' 

'Why should you be like any one ? You're nice as you are,' 
said Varenka, smiling her gentle, weary smile. 

'No, I'm not nice at all. Come, tell me . . . Stop a 
minute, let's sit down,' said Kitty, making her sit down 
again beside her. 'Tell me, isn't it humiliating to think 
that a man has disdained your love, that he hasn't cared 
for it? . . .' 

'But he didn't disdain it ; I believe he cared for me, but he 
was a dutiful son , . .' 

'Yes, but if it hadn't been on account of his mother, if it 
had been his own doing? . . .' said Kitty, feeling she was 
giving away her secret, and that her face, burning with 
the flush of shame, had betrayed her already. 

'In that case he would have done wrong, and I should 
not have regretted him,' answered Varenka, evidently real- 
ising that they were now talking not of her, but of Kitty. 

'But the humiliation,' said Kitty, 'the humiliation one can 
never forget, can never forget,' she said, remembering her 
look at the last ball during the pause in the music. 

'Where is the humiliation? Why, you did nothing wrong?' 

'Worse than wrong — shameful.' 

Varenka shook her head and laid her hand on Kitty's 
hand. 

'Why, what is there shameful?' she said. 'You didn't tell 
a man, who didn't care for you, that you loved him, did 
you ?' 

'Of course not ; I never said a word, but be knew it. No, 
no ; there are looks, there are ways. I can't forget it, if I 
live a hundred years.' 

'Why so? I don't understand. The whole point is 



396 LEO TOLSTOY 

whether you love him now or not,' said Varenka, who called 
everything by its name. 

'I hate him; I can't forgive myself,' 

'Why, what for?' 

'The shame, the humiliation !' 

'Oh! if every one were as sensitive as you are!' said 
Varenka. 'There isn't a girl who hasn't been through the 
same. And it's all so unimportant.' 

'Why, what is important?' said Kitty, looking into her 
face with inquisitive wonder. 

"Oh, there's so much that's important,' said Varenka, 
smiling. 

'Why, what?' 

'Oh, so much that's more important,' answered Varenka, 
not knowing what to say. But at that instant they heard 
the princess's voice from the window. 'Kitty, it's cold ! 
Either get a shawl, or come indoors.' 

'It really is time to go in!' said Varenka, getting up. 'I 
have to go on to Madame Berthe's ; she asked m-e to.' 

Kitty held her by the hand, and with passionate curiosity 
and entreaty her eyes asked her: 'What is it, what is this 
of such importance that gives you such tranquillity? You 
know, tell me I' But Varenka did not even know what 
Kitty's eyes were asking her. She merely thought that 
she had to go to see Madame Berthe too that evening, and to 
make haste home in time for maman's tea at twelve o'clock. 
She went indoors, collected her music, and saying good-bye 
to every one, was about to go. 

'Allow me to see you home,' said the colonel. 

'Yes; how can you go alone at night like this?' chimed 
in the princess. 'Any way, I'll send Parasha.' 

Kitty saw that Varenka could hardly restrain a smile at 
the idea that she needed an escort. 

'No, I always go about alone and nothing ever happens to 
me,' she said, taking her hat. And kissing Kitty once more, 
without saying what was important, she stepped out courage- 
ously with the music under her arm and vanished into the 
twilight of the summer night, bearing away with her her 
secret of what was important and what gave her the calm 
and dignity so much to be envied. 



CHAPTER XXXIII 

KITTY made the acquaintance of Madame Stahl too, 
and this acquaintance, together with her friendship 
with Varenka, did not merely exercise a great influ- 
ence on her, it also comforted her in her mental distress. 
She found this comfort through a completely new world 
being opened to her by means of this acquaintance, a world 
having nothing in common with her past, an exalted, noble 
world, from the height of which she could contemplate her 
past calmly. It was revealed to her that besides the instinc- 
tive life to which Kitty had given herself up hitherto 
there was a spiritual life. This life was disclosed in religion, 
but a religion having nothing in common with that one 
which Kitty had known from childhood, and which found 
expression in litanies and all-night services at the Widows' 
Home, where one might meet one's friends, and in learning 
by heart Slavonic texts with the priest. This was a lofty, 
mysterious religion connected with a whole series of noble 
thoughts and feelings, which one could do more than merely 
believe because one was told to, which one could love. 

Kitty found all this out not from words. Madame Stahl 
talked to Kitty as to a charming child that one looks on with 
pleasure as on the memory of one's youth, and only once she 
said in passing that in all human sorrows nothing gives com- 
fort but love and faith, and that in the sight of Christ's com- 
passion for us no sorrow is trifling — and immediately talked 
of other things. But in every gesture of Madame Stahl, in 
every word, in every heavenly — as Kitty called it — look, 
and above all in the whole story of her life, which she 
heard from Varenka, Kitty recognised that something 'that 
was important,' of which, till then, she had known nothing. 

Yet, elevated as Madame Stahl's character was, touching 
as was her story, and exalted and moving as was her speech, 
Kitty could not help detecting in her some traits which per- 
plexed her. She noticed that when questioning her about her 

297 

P— II 



298 LEO TOLSTOY 

family, Madame Stahl had smiled contemptuously, which 
was not in accord with Christian meekness. She noticed, 
too, that when she had found a Catholic priest with her, 
Madame Stahl had studiously kept her face in the shadow 
of the lamp-shade and had smiled in a peculiar way. Trivial 
as these two observations were, they perplexed her, and 
she had her doubts as to Madame Stahl. But on the other 
hand Varenka, alone in the world, without friends or rela- 
tions, with a melancholy disappointment in the past, desiring 
nothing, regretting nothing, was just that perfection of 
which Kitty dared hardly dream. In Varenka she realised 
that one has but to forget oneself and love others, and one 
will be calm, happy, and noble. And that was what Kitty 
longed to be. Seeing now clearly what was the most impor- 
tant, Kitty was not satisfied with being enthusiastic over it; 
she at once gave herself up with her whole soul to the new 
life that was opening to her. From Varenka's accounts of 
the doings of Madame Stahl and other people whom she 
mentioned, Kitty had already constructed the plan of her 
own future life. She would, like Madame Stahl's niece, 
Aline, of whom Varenka had talked to her a great deal, seek 
out those who were in trouble, wherever she might be living, 
help them as far as she could, give them the Gospel, read 
the Gospel to the sick, to criminals, to the dying. The idea 
of reading the Gospel to criminals, as Aline did, particularly 
fascinated Kitty. But all these were secret dreams, of 
which Kitty did not talk either to her mother or to Varenka. 

While awaiting the time for carrying out her plans on 
a large scale, however, Kitty, even then at the springs, 
where there were so many people ill and unhappy, readily 
found a chance for practising her new principles in imita- 
tation of Varenka. 

At first the princess noticed nothing but that Kitty was 
much under the influence of her cngoucmcnt, as she called 
it, for Madame Stahl, and still more for Varenka. She saw 
that Kitty did not merely imitate Varenka in her conduct, 
but unconsciously imitated her in her manner of walking, 
of talking, of blinking her eyes. But later on the princess 
noticed that, apart from this adoration, some kind of serious 
spiritual change was taking place in her daughter. 



ANXA KARENIX 399 

The princess saw that in the evenings Kitty read a French 
testament that Madame Stahl had given her — a thing she had 
never done before ; that she avoided society acquaintances 
and associated with the sick people who were under Varenka's 
protection, and especially one poor family, that of a sick 
painter, Petrov. 

Kitty was unmistakably proud of playing the part of 
a sister of mercy in that family. All this was well 
enough, and the princess had nothing to say against it, 
especially as Petrov's wife was a perfectly nice sort of 
woman, and that the German princess, noticing Kitty's 
devotion, praised her, calling her an angel of consolation. 
All this would have been very well, if there had been no 
exaggeration. But the princess saw that her daughter was 
rushing into extremes, and so indeed she told her. 

'// nc faiit jamais ricn outrer' she said to her. 

Her daughter made her no reply, only in her heart she 
thought that one could not talk about exaggeration where 
Christianity was concerned. What exaggeration could there 
be in the practice of a doctrine wherein one was bidden to 
turn the other cheek when one was smitten, and give one's 
cloak if one's coat were taken? But the princess disliked 
this exaggeration, and disliked even more the fact that 
she felt her daughter did not care to show her all her heart. 
Kitty did in fact conceal her new views and feelings from 
her mother. She concealed them not because she did not 
respect or did not love her mother, but simply because she 
was her mother. She would have revealed them to any one 
sooner than to her mother. 

'How is it Anna Pavlovna's not been to see us for so long?' 
the princess said one day of Madame Petrov. 'I've asked 
her, but she seems put out about something.' 

'No, I've not noticed it, maman,' said Kitty, flushing 
hotly. 

'Is it long since you went to see them?' 

'We're meaning to make an expedition to the mountains 
to-morrow," answered Kitty. 

"Well, you can go,' answered the princess, gazing at her 
daughter's embarrassed face and trying to guess the cause 
of her embarrassment. 



300 LEO TOLSTOY 

That day Varenka came to dinner and told them that 
Anna Pavlovna had changed her mind and given up the 
expedition for the morrow. And the princess noticed again 
that Kitty reddened. 

'Kitt3% haven't you had some misunderstanding with 
the Petrovs?' said the princess, when they were left alone. 
'Why has she given up sending the children and coming 
to see us?' 

Kitty answered that nothing had happened between them, 
and that she could not tell why Anna Pavolvna seemed dis- 
pleased with her. Kitty answered perfectly truly. She did 
not know the reason Anna Pavlovna had changed to her, but 
she guessed it. She guessed at something which she could 
not tell her mother, which she did not put into words to 
herself. It was one of those things which one knows but 
which one. can never speak of even to oneself, so terrible 
and shameful would it be to be mistaken. 

Again and again she went over in her memory all her 
relations with the family. She remembered the simple 
delight expressed on the round, good-humoured face of 
Anna Pavlovna at their meetings ; she remembered their 
secret confabulations about the invalid, their plots to draw 
him away from the work which was forbidden him, and to 
get him out of doors ; the devotion of the youngest boy, who 
used to call her 'my Kitty,' and would not go to bed without 
her. How nice it all was ! Then she recalled the thin, 
terribly thin figure of Petrov, with his long neck, in his 
brown coat, his scant, curly hair, his questioning blue eyes 
that were so terrible to Kitty at first, and his painful attempts 
to seem hearty and lively in her presence. She recalled the 
efforts she had made at first to overcome the repugnance she 
felt for him, as for all consumptive people, and the pains it 
had cost her to think of things to say to him. She recalled 
the timid, softened look with which he gazed at her, and 
the strange feeling of compassion and awkwardness, and 
later of a sense of her own goodness, which she had felt at it. 
How nice it all was ! But all that was at first. Now, a few 
days ago, everything was suddenly spoiled. Anna Pavlovna 
had met Kitty with affected cordiality, and had kept con- 
tinual watch on her and on her husband. 



ANNA KARENIN 301 

Could that touching pleasure he showed when she came 
near be the cause of Anna Pavlovna's coolness? 

'Yes,' she mused, 'there was something unnatural about 
Anna Pavlovna, and utterly unlike her good nature, when 
she said angrily the day before yesterday: "There, he 
will keep waiting for you ; he wouldn't drink his coffee with- 
out you, though he's grown so dreadfully weak." ' 

'Yes, perhaps too she didn't like it when I gave him the 
rug. It was all so simple, but he took it so awkwardly, and 
was so long thanking me, that I felt awkward too. And 
then that portrait of me he did so well. And most of all 
that look of confusion and tenderness ! Yes, yes, that's it !' 
Kitty repeated to herself with horror. 'No, it can't be, it 
oughtn't to be ! He's so much to be pitied !' she said to 
herself directly after. 

This doubt poisoned the charm of her new life. 



CHAPTER XXXIV 

BEFORE the end of the course of drinking the waters, 
Prince Shtcherbatsky, who had gone on from Carls- 
bad to Baden and Kissingen to Russian friends — to 
get a breath of Russian air, as he said — came back to his 
wife and daughter. 

The views of the prince and of the princess on Hfe abroad 
were completely opposed. The princess thought everything 
delightful, and in spite of her established position in Rus- 
sian society, she tried abroad to be like a European fash- 
ionable lady, which she was not — for the simple reason that 
she was a typical Russian gentlewoman ; and so she was 
affected, which did not altogether suit her. The prince, on 
the contrary, thought everything foreign detestable, got sick 
of European life, kept to his Russian habits, and purposely 
tried to show himself abroad less European than he was 
in reality. 

The prince returned thinner, with the skin hanging in 
loose bags on his cheeks, but in the most cheerful frame of 
mind. His good-humour was even greater when he saw 
Kitty completely recovered. The news of Kitty's friendship 
with Madame Stahl and Varenka, and the reports the prin- 
cess gave him of some kind of change she had noticed in 
Kitty, troubled the prince and aroused his habitual feeling 
of jealousy of everything that drew his daughter away 
from him, and a dread that his daughter might have got out 
of the reach of his influence into regions inaccessible to 
him. But these unpleasant matters were all drowned in the 
sea of kindliness and good-humour which was always within 
him, and more so than ever since his course of Carlsbad 
waters. 

The day after his arrival the prince, in his long overcoat, 
with his Russian wrinkles and baggy cheeks propped up by 
a starched collar, set off with his daughter to the spring in 
the greatest good-humour. 

302 



ANNA KARENIN 303 

It was a lovely morning: the bright, cheerful houses with 
their little gardens, the sight of the red-faced, red-armed 
beer-drinking German waitresses, working away merrily, 
did the heart good. But the nearer they got to the springs 
the of tener they met sick people ; and their appearance seemed 
more pitiable than ever among the everyday conditions of 
prosperous German life. Kitty was no longer struck by this 
contrast. The bright sun, the brilliant green of the foliage, 
the strains of the music were for her the natural setting of 
all these familiar faces, with their changes to greater emacia- 
tion or to convalescence, for which she watched. But to the 
prince the brightness and gaiety of the June morning, and 
the sound of the orchestra playing a gay waltz then in fashion 
and above all, the appearance of the healthy attendants, 
seemed something unseemly and monstrous, in conjunction 
with these slowly moving, dying figures gathered together 
from all parts of Europe. In spite of his feeling of pride 
and, as it were, of the return of youth, with his favourite 
daughter on his arm, he felt awkward, and almost ashamed 
of his vigorous step and his sturdy, stout limbs. He felt 
almost like a man not dressed in a crowd. 

'Present me to your new friends,' he said to his daughter, 
squeezing her hand with his elbow. T like even your horrid 
Soden for making you so well again. Only it's melancholy, 
very melancholy here. Who's that?' 

Kitty mentioned the names of all the people they met, with 
some of whom she was acquainted and some not. At the 
entrance of the garden they met the blind lady, Madame 
Berthe, with her guide, and the prince was delighted to see 
the old Frenchwoman's face light up when she heard Kitty's 
voice. She at once began talking to him with French exag- 
gerated politeness, applauding him for having such a delight- 
ful daughter, extolling Kitty to the skies before her face, and 
calling her a treasure, a pearl, and a consoling angel. 

'Well, she's the second angel, then,' said the prince, smiling. 
'She calls Mademoiselle Varenka angel number one.' 

'Oh ! Mademoiselle Varenka, she's a real angel, allez,' 
Madame Berthe assented. 

In the arcade they met Varenka herself. She was walking 
rapidly towards them carrying an elegant red bag. 



304 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Here is papa come,' Kitty said to her. 

Varenka made — simply and naturally as she did everything 
— a movement between a bow and a curtsey, and immediately 
began talking to the prince, without shyness, naturally, as she 
talked to every one. 

'Of course I know you ; I know you very well,' the prince 
said to her with a smile, in which Kitty detected with joy 
that her father liked her friend. 'Where are you off to in 
such haste?' 

'Maman's here.' she said, turning to Kitty. 'She has not 
slept all night, and the doctor advised her to go out. I'm 
taking her her work.' 

'So that's angel number one?' said the prince when Varenka 
had gone on. 

Kitty saw that her father had meant to make fun of 
Varenka, but that he could not do it because he liked her. 

'Come, so we shall see all your friends,' he went on, 'even 
Madame Stahl, if she deigns to recognise me.' 

"Why, did you know her, papa?' Kitty asked apprehen- 
sively, catching the gleam of irony that kindled in the prince's 
eyes at the mention of Madame Stahl. 

'I used to know her husband, and her too a little, before 
she'd joined the Pietists.' 

'What is a Pietist, papa?' asked Kitty, dismayed to find 
that what she prized so highly in Madame Stahl had a 
name. 

'I don't quite know myself. I only know that she thanks 
God for everything, for every misfortune, and thanks God 
too that her husband died. And that's rather droll, as they 
didn't get on together. 

'Who's that? What a piteous face!' he asked, noticing a 
sick man of medium height sitting on a bench, wearing a 
brown overcoat and white trousers that fell in strange folds 
about his long, fleshless legs. This man lifted his straw hat, 
showed his scanty curly hair and high forehead, painfully 
reddened by the pressure of the hat. 

'That's Petrov, an artist,' answered Kitty, blushing. 'And 
that's his wife,' she added, indicating Anna Pavlovna, who, 
as though on purpose, at the very instant they approached 
walked away after a child that had run off along a path. 



ANNA KARENIN 305 

'Poor fellow ! and what a nice face he has !' said the 
prince. 'Why don't you go up to him ? He wanted to speak 
to you.' 

'Well, let us go, then,' said Kitty, turning round resolutely. 
'How are you feeling to-day?' she asked Petrov. 

Petrov got up, leaning on his stick, and looked shyly at 
the prince. 

'This is my daughter,' said the prince. 'Let me introduce 
myself.' 

The painter bowed and smiled, showing his strangely daz- 
zling white teeth. 

'We expected you yesterday, princess,' he said to Kitty. 
He staggered as he said this, and then repeated the motion, 
trying to make it seem as if it had been intentional. 

'I meant to come, but Varenka said that Anna Pavlovna 
sent word you were not going.' 

'Not going!' said Petrov, blushing, and immediately begin- 
ning to cough, and his eyes sought his wife. "Anita ! Anita !' 
he said loudly, and the swollen veins stood out like cords on 
his thin white neck. 

Anna Pavlovna came up. 

'So you sent word to the princess that we weren't going !' 
he whispered to her angrily, losing his voice. 

'Good morning, princess,' said Anna Pavlovna, with an 
assumed smile utterly unlike her former manner. 'Very glad 
to make your acquaintance,' she said to the prince. 'You've 
long been expected, prince.' 

'What did you send word to the princess that we weren't 
going for?' the artist whispered hoarsely once more, still 
more angrily, obviously exasperated that his voice failed him 
so that he could not give his words the expression he would 
have liked to. 

'Oh, mercy on us ! I thought we weren't going,' his wife 
answered crossly. 

'What, when . . .' He coughed and waved his hand. The 
prince took off his hat and moved away with his daughter. 

'Ah! ah!' he sighed deeply. 'Oh, poor things!' 

'Yes, papa,' answered Kitty. 'And you must know they've 
three children, no servant, and scarcely any means. He gets 
something from the Academy,' she went on briskly, trying to 



306 LEO TOLSTOY 

drown the distress that the queer change in Anna Pavlovna's 
manner to her had aroused in her, 

'Oh, here's Madame Stahl,' said Kitty, indicating an invalid 
carriage, where, propped on pillows, something in grey and 
blue was lying under a sunshade. This was Madame Stahl. 
Behind her stood the gloomy, healthy-looking German work- 
man who pushed the carriage. Close by was standing a 
flaxen-headed Swedish count, whom Kitty knew by name. 
Several invalids were lingering near the low carriage, staring 
at the lady as though she were some curiosity. 

The prince went up to her, and Kitty detected that dis- 
concerting gleam of irony in his eyes. He went up to Madame 
Stahl, and addressed her with extreme courtesy and affability 
in that excellent French that so few speak nowadays. 

T don't know if you remember me, but I must recall myself 
to thank you for your kindness to my daughter,' he said, 
taking off his hat and not putting it on again. 

'Prince Alexander Shtcherbatsky,' said Madame Stahl, lift- 
ing upon him her heavenly eyes, in which Kitty discerned a 
look of annoyance. 'Delighted ! I have taken a great fancy 
to your daughter.' 

'You are still in weak health?' 

'Yes ; I'm used to it,' said Madame Stahl, and she intro- 
duced the prince to the Swedish count. 

'You are scarcely changed at all,' the prince said to her. 
'It's ten or eleven years since I had the honour of seeing you.' 

'Yes ; God sends the cross and sends the strength to bear it. 
Often one wonders what is the goal of this life? . . . The 
other side !' she said angrily to Varenka, who had rearranged 
the rug over her feet not to her satisfaction. 

'To do good, probably,' said the prince with a twinkle in 
his eye. 

'That is not for us to judge,' said Madame Stahl, perceiving 
the shade of expression on the prince's face. 'So you will 
send me that book, dear count? I'm very grateful to you,' 
she said to the young Swede. 

'Ah !' cried the prince, catching sight of the Moscow 
colonel standing near, and with a bow to Madame Stahl he 
walked away with his daughter and the Moscow colonel, who 
joined them. 



AXXA KARENIN 307 

'That's our aristocracy, prince I' the Moscow colonel said 
with ironical intention. He cherished a grudge against 
^Madame Stahl for not making his acquaintance. 

'She's just the same,' replied the prince. 

'Did you know her before her illness, prince — that's to say 
before she took to her bed?' 

'Yes. She took to her bed before my eyes.' said the prince. 

'They say it's ten years since she has stood on her feet.' 

'She doesn't stand up because her legs are too short. She's 
a very bad figure.' 

'Papa, it's not possible !' cried Kitty. 

'That's what wicked tongues say, my darling. And your 
Varenka catches it too,' he added. 'Oh, these invalid ladies !' 

'Oh no, papa !' Kitty objected warmly. 'Varenka worships 
her. And then she does so much good ! Ask any one ! 
Every one knows her and Aline Stahl.' 

'Perhaps so.' said the prince, squeezing her hand with his 
elbow; 'but it's better when one does good so that you may 
ask every one and no one knows.' 

Kitty did not answer, not because she had nothing to say, 
but because she did not care to reveal her secret thoughts 
even to her father. But, strange to say, although she had so 
made up her mind not to be influenced by her father's views, 
not to let him into her inmost sanctuary, she felt that 
the heavenly image of IMadame Stahl, which she had carried 
for a whole month in her heart, had vanished, never to return, 
just as the fantastic figure made up of some clothes thrown 
down at random vanishes when one sees that it is only some 
garment lying there. All that was left was a woman with 
short legs, who lay down because she was a bad figure, and 
worried patient Varenka for not arranging her rug to her 
liking. And by no effort of the imagination could Kitty 
bring back the former Madame Stahl. 



CHAPTER XXXV 

THE prince communicated his good-humour to his own 
family and his friends, and even to the German land- 
lord in whose rooms the Shtcherbatskys were staying. 

On coming back with Kitty from the springs, the prince, 
who had asked the colonel, and Marya Yevgenyevna, and 
Varenka all to come and have coffee with them, gave orders 
for a table and chairs to be taken into the garden under the 
chestnut-tree, and lunch to be laid there. The landlord and 
the servants, too, grew brisker under the influence of his good 
spirits. They knew his open-handedness ; and half an hour 
later the invalid doctor from Hamburg, who lived on the top 
floor, looked enviously out of window at the merry party 
of healthy Russians assembled under the chestnut-tree. In 
the trembling circles of shadow cast by the leaves, at a table, 
covered with a white cloth, and set with coffee-pot, bread- 
and-butter, cheese, and cold game, sat the princess in a high 
cap with lilac ribbons, distributing cups and bread-and-butter. 
At the other end sat the prince, eating heartily, and talking 
loudly and merrily. The prince had spread out near him his 
purchases, carved boxes, and knick-knacks, paperknives of all 
sorts, of which he bought a heap at every watering-place, and 
bestowed them upon every one, including Lieschen, the 
servant-girl, and the landlord, with whom he jested in his 
comically bad German, assuring him that it was not the water 
had cured Kitty, but his splendid cookery, especially his plum- 
soup. 

The princess laughed at her husband for his Russian 
ways, but she was more lively and good-humoured than she 
had been all the while she had been at the waters. The 
colonel smiled, as he always did, at the prince's jokes, but as 
far as regards Europe, of which he believed himself to be 
making a careful study, he took the princess's side. The 
simple-hearted Marya Yevgenyevna simply roared with 
laughter at everything absurd the prince said, and his jokes 

308 



ANNA KARENIN 309 

made Varenka helpless with feeble but infectious laughter, 
M-hich was something Kitty had never seen before. 

Kitty was glad of all this, but she could not be light-hearted. 
She could not solve the problem her father had unconsciously 
set her by his good-humoured view of her friends, and of the 
life that had so attracted her. To this doubt there was joined 
the change in her relations with the Petrovs, which had been 
so conspicuously and unpleasantly marked that morning. 
Every one was good-humoured, but Kitty could not feel good- 
humoured, and this increased her distress. She felt a feeling 
such as she had known in childhood, when she had been shut 
in her room as a punishment, and had heard her sisters' 
merry laughter outside. 

'Well, but what did you buy this mass of things for?' said 
the princess, smiling, and handing her husband a cup of 
coffee. 

'One goes for a walk, one looks in a shop, and they ask 
you to buy. ''Ehrlaucht, Durchlaiicht?" Directly they say 
"Durchlaiicht," I can't hold out. I lose ten thalers.' 

'It's simply from boredom,' said the princess. 

'Of course it is. Such boredom, my dear, that one doesn't 
know what to do with oneself.' 

'How can you be bored, prince? There's so much that's 
interesting now in Germany,' said Marya Yevgenyevna. 

'But I know everything that's interesting: the plum-soup 
I know, and the pea-sausages I know. I know everything.' 

'No, you may say what you like, prince, there's the interest 
of their institutions,' said the colonel. 

'But what is there interesting about it? They're all as 
pleased as brass halfpence. They've conquered everybody, 
and why am I to be pleased at that? I haven't conquered 
any one ; and I'm obliged to take off my own boots, yes, and 
put them away too ; in the morning, get up and dress at once, 
and go to the dining-room to drink bad tea ! How different 
it is at home ! You get up in no haste, you get cross, grumble 
a little, and come round again. You've time to think things 
over, and no hurry.' 

'But time's money, you forget that,' said the colonel. 

'Time, indeed, that depends ! Why, there's time one would 
give a month of for sixpence, and time you wouldn't give half 



310 LEO TOLSTOY 

an hour of for any money. Isn't that so, Katinka? What 
is it? why are you so depressed?' 

'I'm not depressed.' 

'Where are you off to? Stay a little longer,' he said to 
Varenka. 

'I must be going home,' said Varenka, getting up, and again 
she went off into a giggle. 

When she had recovered, she said good-bye, and went into 
the house to get her hat. 

Kitty followed her. Even Varenka struck her as different. 
She was not worse, but different from what she had fancied 
her before. 

'Oh dear ! it's a long while since I've laughed so much !' 
said Varenka, gathering up her parasol and her bag. 'How 
nice he is, your father !' 

Kitty did not speak. 

'When shall I see you again?' asked Varenka. 

'Mamma meant to go and see the Petrovs. Won't you be 
there?' said Kitty, to try Varenka. 

'Yes,' answered Varenka. 'They're getting ready to go 
away, so I promised to help them pack.' 

'Well, I'll come too, then.' 

'No, why should you ?' 

'Why not? why not? why not?' said Kitty, opening her 
eyes wide, and clutching at Varenka's parasol, so as not to let 
her go. 'No, .wait a minute; why not?' 

'Oh, nothing; your father has come, and besides, they will 
feel awkward at your helping.' 

'No, tell me why you don't want me to be often at the 
Petrovs. You don't want me to — why not ?' 

'I didn't say that,' said Varenka quietly. 

'No, please tell me !' 

'Tell you everything?' asked Varenka. 

'Everything, everything !' Kitty assented. 

'Well, there's really nothing of any consequence ; only that 
Mihail Alexeyevitch (that was the artist's name) had meant 
to leave earlier, and now he doesn't want to go away,' said 
Varenka, smiling. 

'Well, well !' Kitty urged impatiently, looking darkly at 
Varenka, 



ANNA KARENIN 311 

'Well, and for some reason Anna Pavlovna told him that 
he didn't want to go because you are here. Of course, that 
was nonsense ; but there was a dispute over it — over you. 
You know how irritable these sick people are.' 

Kitty, scowling more than ever, kept silent, and Varenka 
went on speaking alone, trying to soften or soothe her, and 
seeing a storm coming — she did not know whether of tears 
or of words. 

'So you'd better not go. . . . You understand ; you won't 
be offended? . . .' 

'And it serves me right ! And it serves me right !' Kitty 
cried quickly, snatching the parasol out of Varenka's hand, 
and looking past her friend's face. 

Varenka felt inclined to smile, looking at her childish fury, 
but she was afraid of wounding her. 

'How does it serve you right? I don't understand,' she 
said. 

'It serves me right, because it was all sham ; because it was 
all done on purpose, and not from the heart. What business 
had I to interfere with outsiders? And so it's come about 
that I'm a cause of quarrel, and that I've done what nobody 
asked me to do. Because it was all a sham ! a sham ! a 
sham ! . . .' 

'A sham! with what object?' said Varenka gently. 

'Oh, it's so idiotic ! so hateful ! There was no need what- 
ever for me. . . . Nothing but sham !' she said, opening and 
shutting the parasol. 

'But with what object?' 

'To seem better to people, to myself, to God ; to deceive 
every one. No! now I won't descend to that. I'll be bad; 
but any way not a liar, a cheat.' 

'But who is a cheat?' said Varenka reproachfully. 'You 
speak as if . . .' 

But Kitty was in one of her gusts of fury, and she would 
not let her finish. 

'I don't talk about you, not about you at all. You're 
perfection. Yes, yes, I know you're all perfection ; but what 
am I to do if I'm bad? This would never have been if I 
weren't bad. So let me be what I am, I won't be a sham. 
What have I to do with Anna Pavlovna? Let them go their 



312 LEO TOLSTOY 

way, and me go mine. I can't be different. . . . And yet it's 
not that, it's not that.' 

'What is not that?' asked Varenka in bewilderment. 

'Everything. I can't act except from the heart, and you 
act from principle. I liked you simply, but you most likely 
only wanted to save me, to improve me.' 

'You are unjust,' said Varenka. 

'But I'm not speaking of other people, I'm speaking of 
myself.' 

'Kitty,' they heard her mother's voice, 'come here, show 
papa your necklace.' 

Kitty, with a haughty air, without making peace with her 
friend, took the necklace in a little box from the table and 
went to her mother. 

'What's the matter? Why are you so red?' her mother 
and father said to her with one voice. 

'Nothing,' she answered. 'I'll be back directly,' and she 
ran back. 

'She's still here,' she thought. 'What am I to say to her? 
Oh dear ! what have I done, what have I said ? Why was I 
rude to her ? What am I to do ? What am I to say to her ?' 
thought Kitty, and she stopped in the doorway. 

Varenka in her hat and with the parasol in her hands was 
sitting at the table, examining the spring which Kitty had 
broken. She lifted her head. 

'Varenka, forgive me, do forgive me,' whispered Kitty, 
going up to her. 'I don't remember what I said. I . . .' 

'I really didn't mean to hurt you,' said Varenka smiling. 

Peace was made. But with her father's coming all the 
world in which she had been living was transformed for 
Kitty. She did not give up everything she had learned, but 
she became aware that she had deceived herself in supposing 
she could be what she wanted to be. Her eyes were, it 
seemed, opened, she felt all the difficulty of maintaining her- 
self without hypocrisy and self-conceit on the pinnacle to 
which she had wished to mount. Moreover she became aware 
of all the dreariness of the world of sorrow, of sick and dying 
people, in which she had been living. The efforts she had 
made to like it seemed to her intolerable, and she felt a long- 
ing to get back quickly into the fresh air, to Russia, to 



ANNA KARENIN 313 

Ergushovo, where, as she knew from letters, her sister Dolly 
had already gone with her children. 

But her affection for Varenka did not wane. As she said 
good-bye, Kitty begged her to come to them in Russia. 

'I'll come when you get married,' said Varenka. 

'I shall never marry.' 

'Well, then, I shall never come.' 

'Well, then, I shall be married simply for that. Mind now, 
remember your promise,' said Kitty. 

The doctor's prediction was fulfilled. Kitty returned home 
to Russia cured. She was not so gay and thoughtless as 
before, but she was serene. Her Moscow troubles had become 
a memory to her. 



PART III 



CHAPTER I 

SERGEY IVANOVITCH KOZNISHEV wanted a rest 
from mental work, and instead of going abroad as he 
usually did, he came towards the end of May to stay 
in the country with his brother. In his judgment the best 
sort of life was a country life. He had come now to enjoy 
such a life at his brother's. Konstantin Levin was very glad 
to have him, especially as he did not expect his brother 
Nikolay that summer. But in spite of his affection and re- 
spect for Sergey Ivanovitch, Konstantin Levin was uncom- 
fortable with his brother in the country. It made him 
uncomfortable, and it positively annoyed him to see his 
brother's attitude to the country. To Konstantin Levin the 
country was the background of life, that is of pleasures, 
endeavours, labour. To Sergey Ivanovitch the country meant 
on one hand rest from work, on the other a valuable antidote 
to the corrupt influences of town, which he took with satisfac- 
tion and a sense of its utility. To Konstantin Levin the coun- 
try was good first because it afforded a field for labour, of 
the usefulness of which there could be no doubt. To Sergey 
Ivanovitch the country was particularly good, because there 
it was possible and fitting to do nothing. Moreover, Sergey 
Ivanovitch's attitude to the peasants rather piqued Konstan- 
tin. Sergey Ivanovitch used to say that he knew and liked 
the peasantry, and he often talked to the peasants, which he 
knew how to do without affectation or condescension, and 
from every such conversation he would deduce general con- 
clusions in favour of the peasantry and in confirmation of 
his knowing them. Konstantin Levin did not like such an at- 
titude to the peasants. To Konstantin the peasant was simply 
the chief partner in their common labour, and in spite of all 
the respect and the love, almost like that of kinship, he had 

314 



ANNA KARENIN 315 

for the peasant — sucked in probably, as he said himself, with 
the milk of his peasant nurse — still as a fellow-worker with 
him, while sometimes enthusiastic over the vigour, gentleness, 
and justice of these men, he was very often, when their com- 
mon labours called for other qualities, exasperated with the 
peasant for his carelessness, lack of method, drunkenness, and 
lying. If he had been asked whether he liked or didn't like 
the peasants, Konstantin Levin would have been absolutely at 
a loss what to reply. He liked and did not like the peasants, 
just as he liked and did not like men in general. Of course, 
being a good-hearted man, he liked men rather than he dis- 
liked them, and so too with the peasants. But like or dislike 
'the people' as something apart he could not, not only because 
he lived with 'the people,' and all his interests were bound up 
with theirs, but also because he regarded himself as a part of 
'the people,' did not see any special qualities or failings dis- 
tinguishing himself and 'the people,' and could not contrast 
himself with them. Moreover, although he had lived so long 
in the closest relations with the peasants, as farmer and 
arbitrator, and what was more, as adviser (the peasants 
trusted him, and for thirty miles round they would come to 
ask his advice), he had not definite views of 'the people,' and 
would have been as much at a loss to answer the question 
whether he knew 'the people' as the question whether he liked 
them. For him to say he knew the peasantry would have 
been the same as to say he knew men. He was continually 
watching and getting to know people of all sorts, and among 
them peasants, whom he regarded as good and interesting 
people, and he was continually observing new points in them, 
altering his former views of them and forming new ones. 
With Sergey Ivanovitch it was quite the contrary. Just as he 
liked and praised a country life in comparison with the life 
he did not like, so too he liked the peasantry in contradis- 
tinction to the class of men he did not like, and so too he 
knew the peasantry as something distinct from and opposed 
to men generally. In his methodical brain there were dis- 
tinctly formulated certain aspects of peasant life, deduced 
partly from that life itself, but chiefly from contrast with 
other modes of life. He never changed his opinion of the 
peasantry and his sympathetic attitude towards them. 



316 LEO TOLSTOY 

In the discussions that arose between the brothers on their 
views of the peasantry, Sergey Ivanovitch always got the 
better of his brother, precisely because Sergey Ivanovitch had 
definite ideas about the peasant — his character, his qualities, 
and his tastes. Konstantin Levin had no definite and un- 
alterable idea on the subject, and so in their arguments Kon- 
stantin was readily convicted of contradicting himself. 

In Sergey Ivanovitch's eyes his younger brother was a 
capital fellow, with his heart in the right place (as he ex- 
pressed it in French), but with a mind which, though fairly 
quick, was too much influenced by the impressions of the 
moment, and consequently filled with contradictions. With 
all the condescension of an elder brother he sometimes 
explained to him the true import of things, but he derived 
little satisfaction from arguing with him because he got the 
better of him too easily. 

Konstantin Levin regarded his brother as a man of im- 
mense intellect and culture, as generous in the highest sense of 
the word, and possessed of a special faculty for working for 
the public good. But in the depths of his heart, the older he 
became, and the more intimately he knew his brother, the 
more and more frequently the thought struck him that this 
faculty of working for the public good, of which he felt 
himself utterly devoid, was possibly not so much a quality 
as a lack of something — not a lack of good, honest, noble 
desires and tastes, but a lack of vital force, of what is 
called heart, of that impulse which drives a man to choose 
some one out of the innumerable paths of life, and to care 
only for that one. The better he knew his brother, the more 
he noticed that Sergey Ivanovitch, and many other people 
who worked for the public welfare, were not led by an im- 
pulse of the heart to care for the public good, but reasoned 
from intellectual considerations that it was a right thing to 
take interest in public affairs, and consequently took interest 
in them. 

Levin was confirmed in this generalisation by observ- 
ing that his brother did not take questions affecting the 
public welfare or the question of the immortality of the soul 
a bit more to heart than he did chess problems, or the 
ingenious construction of a new machine. 



ANNA KARENIN 317 

Besides this, Konstantin Levin was not at his ease with 
his brother, because in summer in the country Levin was 
continually busy with work on the land, and the long summer 
day was not long enough for him to get through all he had to 
do, while Sergey Ivanovitch was taking a holiday. But 
though he was taking a holiday now, that is to say, he was 
doing no writing, he was so used to intellectual activity that 
he liked to put into concise and eloquent shape the ideas 
that occurred to him, and liked to have some one to listen to 
him. His most usual and natural listener was his brother. 
And so in spite of the friendliness and directness of their 
relations, Konstantin felt an awkwardness in leaving him 
alone. Sergey Ivanovitch liked to stretch himself on the 
grass in the sun, and to lie so, basking and chatting lazily. 

'You wouldn't believe,' he would say to his brother, 'what 
a pleasure this rural laziness is to me. Not an idea in one's 
brain, as empty as a drum !' 

But Konstantin Levin found it dull sitting and listening to 
him, especially when he knew that while he was away they 
would be carting dung on to the fields not ploughed ready for 
it, and heaping it all up anyhow; and would not screw the 
shares in the ploughs, but would let them come off, and then 
say that the new ploughs were a silly invention, and there 
was nothing like the old Andreevna plough, and so on. 

'Come, you've done enough trudging about in the heat,* 
Sergey Ivanovitch would say to him. 

'No I must just run round to the counting-house for a 
minute,' Levin would answer, and he would run off to the 
fields. 



CHAPTER II 

EARLY in June it happened that Agafea Mihalovna, the 
old nurse and housekeeper, in carrying to the cellar a 
jar of mushrooms she had just pickled, slipped, fell, 
and sprained her wrist. The district doctor, a talkative young 
medical student, who had just finished his studies, came to see 
her. He examined the wrist, said it was not broken, was 
delighted at a chance of talking to the celebrated Sergey 
Ivanovitch Koznishev, and to show his advanced views of 
things told him all the scandal of the district, complaining of 
the poor state into which the district council had fallen. 
Sergey Ivanovitch listened attentively, asked him questions, 
and, roused by a new listener, he talked fluently, uttered a 
few keen and weighty observations, respectfully appreciated 
by the young doctor, and was soon in that eager frame of 
mind his brother knew so well, which always, with him, fol- 
lowed a brilliant and eager conversation. After the departure 
of the doctor, he wanted to go with a fishing-rod to the river. 
Sergey Ivanovitch was fond of angling, and was, it seemed, 
proud of being able to care for such a stupid occupation. 

Konstantin Levin, whose presence was needed in the 
plough-land and the meadows, had come to take his brother 
in the trap. 

It was that time of the year, the turning-point of summer, 
when the crops of the present year are a certainty, when one 
begins to think of the sowing for next year, and the mowing 
is at hand ; when the rye is all in ear, though its ears are still 
light, not yet full, and it waves in grey-green billows in the 
wind ; when the green oats, with tufts of yellow grass scat- 
tered here and there among it, droop irregularly over the late- 
sown fields ; when the early buckwheat is already out and 
hiding the ground ; when the fallow-lands, trodden hard as 
stone by the cattle, are half-ploughed over, with paths left 
untouched by the plough ; when from the dry dung-heaps 
carted on to the fields there comes at sunset a smell of manure 

318 



A»^NNA KARENIN 319 

mixed with meadow-sweet, and on the low-lying lands the 
riverside meadows are a thick sea of grass waiting for the 
mowing, with blackened heaps of the stalks of sorrel among it. 

It was the time when there comes a brief pause in the toil 
of the fields before the beginning of the labours of harvest — 
every year recurring, every year straining every nerve of the 
peasants. 

The crop was a splendid one, and bright, hot summer days 
had set in with short, dewy nights. 

The brothers had to drive through the woods to reach the 
meadows. Sergey Ivanovitch was all the while admiring the 
beauty of the woods, which were a tangled mass of leaves, 
pointing out to his brother now an old lime-tree on the point 
of flowering, dark on the shady side, and brightly spotted with 
yellow stipules, now the young shoots of this year's saplings 
brilliant with emerald. Konstantin Levin did not like talk- 
ing and hearing about the beauty of nature. Words for him 
took away the beauty of what he saw. He assented to what 
his brother said, but he could not help beginning to think of 
other things. When they came out of the woods, all his 
attention was engrossed by the view of the fallow-land on 
the upland, in parts yellow with grass, in parts trampled and 
chequered with furrows, in parts dotted with ridges of 
dung, and in parts even ploughed. A string of carts was 
moving across it. Levin counted the carts, and was pleased 
that all that were wanted had been brought, and at the 
sight of the meadows his thoughts passed to the mowing. 
He always felt something special moving him to the quick 
at the hay-making. On reaching the meadow Levin stopped 
the horse. 

The morning dew was still lying on the thick undergrowth 
of the grass, and that he might not get his feet wet, Sergey 
Ivanovitch asked his brother to drive him in the trap up to 
the willow-tree from which the carp was caught. Sorry as 
Konstantin Levin was to crush down his mowing-grass, he 
drove him into the meadow. The high grass softly turned 
about the wheels and the horse's legs, leaving its seeds cling- 
ing to the wet axles and spokes of the wheels. His brother 
seated himself under a bush, arranging his tackle, while 
Levin led the horse away, fastened him up, and walked into 



320 LEO TOLSTOY 

the vast grey-green sea of grass unstirred by the wind. The 
silky grass with its ripe seeds came almost to his waist in 
the dampest spots. 

Crossing the meadow, Konstantin Levin came out on to the 
road, and met an old man with a swollen eye, carrying a skep 
on his shoulder. 

'What? taken a stray swarm, Fomitch?" he asked. 

'No, indeed, Konstantin Mitritch ! All we can do to keep 
our own ! This is the second swarm that has flown away. 
. . . Luckily the lads caught them. They were ploughing 
your field. They unyoked the horses and galloped after 
them." 

'Well, what do you say, Fomitch — start mowing or wait 
a bit?' 

'Eh, well ! Our way's to wait till St. Peter's Day. But 
you always mow sooner. Well, to be sure, please God, the 
hay's good. There'll be plenty for the beasts.' 

'What do you think about the weather ?' 

'That's in God's hands. May be it will be fine.' 

Levin went up to his brother. 

Sergey Ivanovitch had caught nothing, but he was not 
bored, and seemed in the most cheerful frame of mind. 
Levin saw that, stimulated by his conversation with the 
doctor, he wanted to talk. Levin, on the other hand, would 
have liked to get home as soon as possible to give orders 
about getting together the mowers for next day, and to set 
at rest his doubts about the mowing, which greatly absorbed 
him. 

'Well, let's be going,' he said. 

'Why be in such a hurry? Let's stay a little. But how 
wet you are ! Even though one catches nothing, it's nice. 
That's the best thing about every part of sport, that one has 
to do with nature. How exquisite this steely water is !' 
said Sergey Ivanovitch. 'These riverside banks always re- 
mind me of the riddle — do you know it? "The grass says to 
the water : we quiver and we quiver." ' 

'I don't know the riddle,' answered Levin wearily. 



CHAPTER III 

DO you know, I've been thinking about you,' said 
Sergey Ivanovitch. 'It's beyond everything what's 
being done in the district, according to what this 
doctor tells me. He's a very intelligent fellow. And as I've 
told you before, I tell you again : it's not right for you not 
to go to the meetings, and altogether to keep out of the 
district business. If decent people won't go into it. of course 
it's bound to go all wrong. We pay the money, and it all 
goes in salaries, and there are no schools, nor district nurses, 
nor midwives, nor drug-stores — nothing.' 

'Well, I did try, you know,' Levin said slowly and unwill- 
ingly. 'I can't ! and so there's no help for it.' 

'But why can't you ? I must own I can't make it out. 
Indifiference, incapacity — I won't admit ; surely it's not simply 
laziness?' 

'None of those things. I've tried, and I see I can do 
nothing,' said Levin, 

He had hardly grasped what his brother was saying. 
Looking towards the plough-land across the river, he made 
out something black, but he could not distinguish whether it 
was a horse or the bailiff on horseback. 

"Why is it you can do nothing? You made an attempt and 
didn't succeed, as you think, and you give in. How can you 
have so little self-respect?' 

"Self-respect !' said Levin, stung to the quick by his 
brother's words; 'I don't understand. If they'd told me at 
college that other people understood the integral calculus, 
and I didn't, then pride would have come in. But in this case 
one wants first to be convinced that one has certain qualifi- 
cations for this sort of business, and especially that all this 
business is of great importance.' 

'What! do you mean to say it's not of importance?' said 
Sergey Ivanovitch, stung to the quick too at his brother's 
considering anything of no importance that interested him, 

321 



322 LEO TOLSTOY 

and still more at his obviously paying little attention to what 
he was saying. 

'I don't think it important; it does not take hold of me, I 
can't help it,' answered Levin, making out that what he saw 
was the bailiff, and that the bailiff seemed to be letting the 
peasants go off the ploughed land. They were turning 
the plough over. "Can they have finished ploughing?' he 
wondered. 

'Come, really though,' said the elder brother, with a frown 
on his handsome, clever face, 'there's a limit to everything. 
It's very well to be original and genuine, and to dislike 
everything conventional — I know all about that; but really, 
what you're saying either has no meaning, or it has a very 
wrong meaning. How can you think it a matter of no 
importance whether the peasant, whom you love as you 
assert, . . .' 

'I never did assert it,' thought Konstantin Levin. 

— 'dies without help? The ignorant peasant-women starve 
the children, and the people stagnate in darkness, and are 
helpless in the hands of every village clerk, while you have 
at your disposal a means of helping them, and don't help 
them because to your mind it's of no importance.' 

And Sergey Ivanovitch put before him the alternative : 
either you are so undeveloped that you can't see all that you 
can do, or you won't sacrifice your ease, your vanity, or 
whatever it is, to do it. 

Konstantin Levin felt that there was no course open to 
him but to submit, or to confess to a lack of zeal for the 
public good. And this mortified him and hurt his feelings. 

'It's both,' he said resolutely; 'I don't see that it was 
possible . . .' 

'What! was it impossible, if the money were properly laid 
out, to provide medical aid?' 

'Impossible, as it seems to me. . . . For the three thou- 
sand square miles of our district, what with our thaws, and 
the storms, and the work in the fields, I don't see how it is 
possible to provide medical aid all over. And besides, I don't 
believe in medicine.' 

'Oh, well, that's unfair. ... I can quote to you thousands 
of instances. . . . But the schools, any way.' 



ANNA KARENIN 323 

'Why have schools ?' 

'What do you mean? Can there be two opinions of the 
advantage of education? If it's a good thing for you, it's a 
good thing for every one.' 

Konstantin Levin felt himself morally pinned against a 
wall, and so he got hot, and unconsciously blurted out the 
chief cause of his indifference to public business. 

'Perhaps it may all be very good; but why should I worry 
myself about establishing dispensaries which I shall never 
make use of, and schools to which I shall never send my chil- 
dren, to which even the peasants don't want to send their 
children, and to which I've no very firm faith that they 
ought to send them?' said he. 

Sergey Ivanovitch was for a minute surprised at this unex- 
pected view of the subject ; but he promptly made a new plan 
of attack. He was silent for a little, drew out a hook, threw 
it in again, and turned to his brother smiling. 

'Come, now. ... In the first place, the dispensary is 
needed. We ourselves sent for the district doctor for Agafea 
Mihalovna.' 

'Oh, well, but I fancy her wrist will never be straight 
again.' 

'That remains to be proved. . . . Next, the peasant who 
can read and write is as a workman of more use and value 
to you.' 

'No ; you can ask any one you like,' Konstantin Levin 
answered with decision, 'the man that can read and write is 
much inferior as a workman. And mending the high-roads 
is an impossibility ; and as soon as they put up bridges they're 
stolen.' 

'Still, that's not the point,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, frown- 
ing. He disliked contradiction, and still more, arguments 
that were continually skipping from one thing to another, 
introducing new and disconnected points, so that there was 
no knowing to which to reply. 'Do you admit that education 
is a benefit for the people?' 

'Yes, I admit it,' said Levin without thinking, and he was 
conscious immediately that he had said what he did not think. 
He felt that if he admitted that it would be proved that he 
had been talking meaningless rubbish. How it would be 



324 LEO TOLSTOY 

proved he could not tell, but he knew that this would in- 
evitably be logically proved to him, and he awaited the 
proofs. The argument turned out to be far simpler than he 
had expected. 

'If you admit that it is a benefit/ said Sergey Ivanovitch, 
'then, as an honest man, you cannot help caring about it and 
sympathising with the movement, and so wishing to work 
for it.' 

'But I still do not admit this movement to be just,' said 
Konstantin Levin, reddening a little. 

'What ! But you said just now . . .' 

'That's to say, I don't admit it's being either good or 
possible.' 

'That you can't tell without making the trial.' 

'Well, supposing that's so,' said Levin, though he did not 
suppose so at all, 'supposing that is so, still I don't see, all 
the same, w^hat I'm to worry myself about it for.' 

'How so?' 

'No ; since we are talking, explain it to me from the philo- 
sophical point of view,' said Levin. 

'I can't see where philosophy comes in,' said Sergey Ivano- 
vitch, in a tone. Levin fancied, as though he did not admit 
his brother's right to talk about philosophy. And that irri- 
tated Levin. 

'I'll tell you, then,' he said with heat, T imagine the main- 
spring of all our actions is, after all, self-interest. Now in 
the local institutions I, as a nobleman, see nothing that could 
conduce to my prosperity, and the roads are not better and 
could not be better; my horses carry me well enough over 
bad ones. Doctors and dispensaries are no use to me. An 
arbitrator of disputes is no use to me. I never appeal to him, 
and never shall appeal to him. The schools are no good to 
me, but positively harmful, as I told you. For me the dis- 
trict institutions simply mean the liability to pay fourpence 
halfpenny for every three acres, to drive into the town, sleep 
with bugs, and listen to all sorts of idiocy and loathsomeness, 
and self-interest offers me no inducement.' 

'Excuse me,' Sergey Ivanovitch interposed with a smile, 
'self-interest did not induce us to work for the emancipation 
of the serfs, but we did work for it.' 



AXXA KARENIX 335 

'No!' Konstantin Levin broke in with still greater heat; 
"the emancipation of the serfs was a different matter. There 
self-interest did come in. One longed to throw off that yoke 
that crushed us, all decent people among us. But to be a 
town-councillor and discuss how many dustmen are needed, 
and how chimneys shall be constructed in the town in which 
I don't live — to serve on a jury and try a peasant who's 
stolen a flitch of bacon, and listen for six hours at a stretch 
to all sorts of jabber from the counsel for the defence and 
the prosecution, and the president cross-examining my old 
half-witted Alioshka : 

' "Do you admit, prisoner in the dock, the fact of the 
removal of the bacon ?" ' 

"•Eh?"' 

Konstantin Levin had warmed to his subject, and began 
mimicking the president and the half-witted Alioshka: it 
seemed to him that it was all to the point. 

But Sergey Ivanovitch shrugged his shoulders. 

'Well, what do you mean to say, then?' 

'I simply mean to say that those rights that touch me . . . 
my interest, I shall always defend to the best of my ability; 
that when they made raids on us students, and the police read 
our letters, I was ready to defend those rights to the utmost, 
to defend my rights to education and freedom. I can under- 
stand compulsory military service, which affects my children, 
my brothers, and myself, I am ready to deliberate on what 
concerns me ; but deliberating on how to spend forty thou- 
sand roubles of district council money, or judging the half- 
witted Alioshka — I don't understand, and I can't do it.' 

Konstantin Levin spoke as though the floodgates of his 
speech had burst open. Sergey Ivanovitch smiled. 

'But to-morrow it'll be your turn to be tried; would it 
have suited your tastes better to be tried in the old criminal 
tribunal ?' 

■Lm not going to be tried. I shan't murder anybody, and 
I've no need of it. Well, I tell you what,' he went on, flying 
oft* again to a subject quite beside the point, 'our district 
self-government and all the rest of it — it's just like the 
birch-branches we stick in the ground on Trinity Day. for 
instance, to look like a copse which has grown up of itself 



326 LEO TOLSTOY 

in Europe, and I can't gush over these birch-branches and 
believe in them.' 

Sergey Ivanovitch merely shrugged his shoulders, as 
though to express his wonder how the birch branches had 
come into their argument at that point, though he did really 
understand at once what his brother meant. 

'Excuse me, but you know one really can't argue in that 
way,' he observed. 

But Konstantin Levin wanted to justify himself for the 
failing, of which he was conscious, of lack of zeal for the 
public welfare, and he went on. 

'I imagine,' he said, 'that no sort of activity is likely to be 
lasting if it is not founded on self-interest, that's a universal 
principle, a philosophical principle,' he said, repeating the 
word 'philosophical' with determination, as though wishing 
to show that he had as much right as any one else to talk 
of philosophy. 

Sergey Ivanovitch smiled. 'He too has a philosophy of 
his own at the service of his natural tendencies,' he thought. 

"Come, you'd better let philosophy alone,' he said. 'The 
chief problem of the philosophy of all ages consists just in 
finding the indispensable connection which exists between 
individual and social interests. But that's not to the point; 
what is to the point is a correction I must make in your 
comparison. The birches are not simply stuck in, but some 
are sown and some are planted, and one must deal carefully 
with them. It's only those peoples that have an intuitive 
sense of what's of importance and significance in their insti- 
tutions, and know how to value them, that have a future 
before them — it's only those peoples that one can truly call 
historical.' 

And Sergey Ivanovitch carried the subject into the regions 
of philosophical history where Konstantin Levin could not 
follow him, and showed him all the incorrectness of his 
view. 

'As for your dislike of it. excuse my saying so, that's simply 
our Russian sloth and old serf-owner's ways, and I'm con- 
vinced that in you it's a temporary error and will pass.' 

Konstantin was silent. He felt himself vanquished on all 
sides, but he felt at the same time that what he wanted to say 



ANNA KAREXIX 327 

was unintelligible to his brother. Only he could not make up 
his mind whether it was unintelligible because he was not 
capable of expressing his meaning clearly, or because his 
brother would not or could not understand him. But he did 
not pursue the speculation, and without replying, he fell to 
musing on a quite different and personal matter. 

Sergey Ivanovitch wound up the last line, untied the horse, 
and they drove off. 



CHAPTER IV 

THE personal matter that absorbed Levin during his 
conversation with his brother was this. Once in a 
previous year he had gone to look at the mowing, and 
being made very angry by the bailiff he had recourse to his 
favourite means for regaining his temper, — he took a scythe 
from a peasant and began mowing. 

He liked the work so much that he had several times tried 
his hand at mowing since. He had cut the whole of the 
meadow in front of his house, and this year ever since the 
early spring he had cherished a plan for mowing for whole 
days together with the peasants. Ever since his brother's 
arrival, he had been in doubt whether to mow or not. He 
was loth to leave his brother alone all day long, and he was 
afraid his brother would laugh at him about it. But as he 
drove into the meadow, and recalled the sensations of mow- 
ing, he came near deciding that he would go mowing. After 
the irritating discussion with his brother, he pondered over 
this intention again. 

'I must have physical exercise, or my temper'll certainly 
be ruined,' he thought, and he determined he would go mow- 
ing, however awkward he might feel about it with his brother 
or the peasants. 

Towards evening Konstantin Levin went to his counting- 
house, gave directions as to the work to be done, and sent 
about the village to summon the mowers for the morrow, to 
cut the hay in Kalinov meadow, the largest and best of his 
grass lands. 

'And send my scythe, please, to Tit, for him to set it, and 
bring it round to-morrow. I shall may be do some mowing 
myself too,' he said, trying not to be embarrassed. 

The bailiff smiled and said: 'Yes, sir.' 

At tea the same evening Levin said to his brother — 

*I fancy the fine weather will last,' said he. To-morrow I 
shall start mowing.' 

328 



ANXA KARENIN 329 

"I'm so fond of that form of field labour,' said Sergey 
Ivanovitch. 

'I'm awfully fond of it. I sometimes mow myself with the 
peasants, and to-morrow I want to try mowing the whole 
day.' 

Sergey Ivanovitch lifted his head, and looked with interest 
at his brother. 

'How do you mean ? Just like one of the peasants, all day 
long?' 

'Yes, it's very pleasant,' said Levin. 

'It's splendid as exercise, only you'll hardly be able to 
stand it,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, without a shade of irony, 

'I've tried it. It's hard work at first, but you get into it. 
I dare say I shall manage to keep it up. . . .' 

'Really ! what an idea ! But tell me, how do the peasants 
look at it? I suppose they laugh in their sleeves at their 
master's being such a queer fish?' 

'No, I don't think so; but it's so delightful, and at the 
same time such hard work, that one has no time to think 
about it.' 

'But how will you do about dining with them ? To send you 
a bottle of Lafitte and roast turkey out there would be a 
little awkward.' 

'No, I'll simply come home at the time of their noonday 
rest.' 

Next morning Konstantin Levin got up earlier than usual, 
but he was detained giving directions on the farm, and when 
he reached the mowing-grass the mowers were already at 
their second row. 

From the uplands he could get a view of the shaded cut part 
of the meadow below, with its greyish ridges of cut grass, 
and the black heaps of coats, taken off by the mowers at the 
place from which they had started cutting. 

Gradually, as he rode towards the meadow, the peasants 
came into sight, some in coats, some in their shirts, mowing, 
one behind another in a long string, swinging their scythes 
differently. He counted forty-two of them. 

They were mowing slowly over the uneven, low-lying parts 
of the meadow, where there had been an old dam. Levin 
recognised some of his own men. Here was old Yermil in a 

P— 12 



330 LEO TOLSTOY 

very long white smock, bending forward to swing his scythe ; 
there was a young fellow, Vaska, who had been a coachman 
of Levin's, taking every row with a wide sweep. Here, too, 
was Tit, Levin's preceptor in the art of mowing, a thin little 
peasant. He was in front of all, and cut his wide row with- 
out bending as though playing with the scythe. 

Levin got off his mare, and fastening her up by the road- 
side went to meet Tit, who took a second scythe out of a 
bush and gave it him. 

'It's ready, sir; it's like a razor, cuts of itself,' said Tit, 
taking off his cap with a smile and giving him the scythe. 

Levin took the scythe, and began trying it. As they fin- 
ished their rows, the mowers, hot and good-humoured, came 
out into the^ road one after another, and, laughing a little, 
greeted the master. They all stared at him, but no one made 
any remark, till a tall old man, w'ith a wrinkled, beardless 
face, wearing a short sheepskin jacket, came out into the 
road and accosted him. 

'Look 'ee now, master, once take hold of the rope there's 
no letting it go !' he said, and Levin heard smothered laugh- 
ter among the mowers. 

T'll try not to let it go,' he said, taking his stand behind Tit, 
and waiting for the time to begin. 

'Mind 'ee,' repeated the old man. 

Tit made room, and Levin started behind him. The grass 
was short close to the road, and Levin, who had not done any 
mowing for a long while, and w-as disconcerted by the eyes 
fastened upon him, cut badly for the first moment, though 
he swung his scythe vigorously. Behind him he heard 
voices — 

'It's not set right ; handle's too high ; see how he has to 
stoop to it,' said one. 

'Press more on the heel,' said another. 

'Never mind, he'll get on all right,' the old man resumed. 

'He's made a start. . . . You swing it too wide, you'll tire 
yourself out. . . . The master, sure, does his best for him- 
self ! But see the grass missed out ! For such work us 
fellows would catch it !' 

The grass became softer, and Levin, listening without 
answering, followed Tit, trying to do the best he could. 



ANNA KARENIN 331 

They moved a hundred paces. Tit kept moving on, without 
stopping, not showing the slightest weariness, but Levin was 
already beginning to be afraid he would not be able to keep 
it up : he was so tired. 

He felt as he swung his scythe that he was at the very 
end of his strength, and was making up his mind to ask Tit 
to stop. But at that very moment Tit stopped of his own 
accord, and stooping down picked up some grass, rubbed his 
scythe, and began whetting it. Levin straightened himself, 
and drawing a deep breath looked round. Behind him came 
a peasant, and he too was evidently tired, for he stopped at 
once without waiting to mow up to Levin, and began whetting 
his scythe. Tit sharpened his scythe and Levin's, and they 
went on. 

The next time it was just the same. Tit moved on with 
sweep after sweep of his scythe, not stopping nor show- 
ing signs of weariness. Levin followed him, trying not to 
get left behind, and he found it harder and harder : the 
moment came when he felt he had no strength left, but at 
that very moment Tit stopped and whetted the scythes. 

So they mowed the first row. And this long row seemed 
particularly hard work to Levin ; but when the end was 
reached, and Tit, shouldering his scythe, began with delib- 
erate stride returning on the tracks left by his heels in the 
cut grass, and Levin walked back in the same way over the 
space he had cut, in spite of the sweat that ran in streams 
over his face and fell in drops down his nose, and drenched 
his back as though he had been soaked in water, he felt 
very happy. What delighted him particularly was that now 
he knew he would be able to hold out. 

His pleasure was only disturbed by his row not being well 
cut. 'I will swing less with my arm and more with my 
whole body,' he thought, comparing Tit's row, which looked 
as if it had been cut with a line, with his own unevenly and 
irregularly lying grass. 

The first row, as Levin noticed. Tit had mown specially 
quickly, probably wishing to put his master to the test, and 
the row happened to be a long one. The next rows were 
easier, but still Levin had to strain every nerve not to drop 
behind the peasants. 



333 LEO TOLSTOY 

He thought of nothing, wished for nothing, but not to be 
left behind the peasants, and to do his work as well as 
possible. He heard nothing but the swish of the scythes, and 
saw before him Tit's upright figure mowing away, the cres- 
cent-shaped curve of the cut grass, the grass and flower 
heads slowly and rhythmically falling before the blade of his 
scythe, and ahead of him the end of the row, Avhere would 
come the rest. 

Suddenly, in the midst of. his toil, without understanding 
what it was or whence it came, he felt a pleasant sensation 
of chill on his hot, moist shoulders. He glanced at the sky 
in the interval for whetting the scythes. A heavy, lowering 
storm-cloud had blown up, and big raindrops were falling. 
Some of the peasants went to their coats and put them 
on; others — just like Levin himself — merely shrugged their 
shoulders, enjoying the pleasant coolness of it. 

Another row, and yet another row. followed — long rows 
and short rows, with good grass and with poor grass. Levin 
lost all sense of time, and could not have told whether it 
was late or early now. A change began to come over his 
work, which gave him immense satisfaction. In the midst 
of his toil there were moments during which he forgot what 
he was doing, and it came all easy to him, and at those same 
moments his row was almost as smooth and well cut as Tit's. 
But so soon as he recollected what he was doing, and began 
trying to do better, he was at once conscious of all the diffi- 
culty of his task, and the row was badly mown. 

On finishing yet another row he would have gone back to 
the top of the meadow again to begin the next, but Tit 
stopped, and going up to the old man said something in a 
low voice to him. They both looked at the sun. 'What are 
they talking about, and why doesn't he go back?' thought 
Levin, not guessing that the peasants had been mowing no 
less than four hours without stopping, and it was time for 
their lunch. 

'Lunch, sir,' said the old man. 

'Is it really time? That's right; lunch, then.' 

Levin gave his scythe to Tit, and together with the peas- 
ants, who were crossing the long stretch of mown grass, 
slightly sprinkled with rain, to get their bread from the heap 



AXXA KARENIN 333 

of coats, he went towards his house. Only then he suddenly 
awoke to the fact that he had been wrong about the w'eather 
and the rain was drenching his hay. 

'The hay will be spoiled,' he said. 

'Not a bit of it, sir ; mow in the rain, and you'll rake in 
fine weather !' said the old man. 

Levin untied his horse and rode home to his coffee. Sergey 
Ivanovitch was only just getting up. When he had drunk 
his coffee. Levin rode back again to the mowing before 
Sergey Ivanovitch had had time to dress and come down to 
the dining-room. 



CHAPTER V 

AFTER lunch Levin was not in the same place in the 

/-\ string of mowers as before, but stood between the 
-^-*- old man woh had accosted him jocosely, and now 
invited him to be his neighbour, and a young peasant, who 
had only been married in the autumn, and who was mowing 
this summer for the first time. 

The old man, holding himself erect, moved in front, with 
his feet turned out, taking long, regular strides, and with a 
precise and regular action which seemed to cost him no more 
effort than swinging one's arms in walking, as though it 
were in play, he laid down the high, even row of grass. It 
was as though it were not he but the sharp scythe of itself 
swishing through the juicy grass. 

Behind Levin came the lad Mishka. His pretty, boyish 
face, with a twist of fresh grass bound round his hair, was 
all working with effort ; but whenever any one looked at him 
he smiled. He would clearly have died sooner than own 
it was hard work for him. 

Levin kept between them. In the very heat of the day the 
mowing did not seem such hard work to him. The per- 
spiration with which he was drenched cooled him, while the 
sun, that burned his back, his head, and his arms, bare to 
the elbow, gave a vigour and dogged energy to his labour ; 
and more and more often now came those moments of 
unconsciousness, when it was possible not to think what one 
was doing. The scythe cut of itself. These were happy 
moments. Still more delightful were the moments when 
they reached the stream where the rows ended, and the old 
man rubbed his scythe with the wet, thick grass, rinsed its 
blade in the fresh water of the stream, ladled out a little in 
a tin dipper, and offered Levin a drink. 

'What do you say to my home-brew, eh? Good, eh?' said 
he, winking. 

334 



ANNA KARENIN 335 

And truly Levin had never drunk any liqueur so good as 
this warm water with green bits floating in it, and a taste of 
rust from the tin dipper. And immediately after this came 
the delicious, slow saunter, with his hand on the scythe, dur- 
ing which he could wipe away the streaming sweat, take deep 
breaths of air, and look about at the long string of mowers 
and at what was happening around in the forest and the 
country. 

The longer Levin mowed, the oftener he felt the moments 
of unconsciousness in which it seemed not his hands that 
swung the scythe, but the scythe mowing of itself, a body full 
of life and consciousness of its own, and as though by magic, 
without thinking of it, the work turned out regular and well- 
finished of itself. These were the most blissful moments. 

It was only hard work when he had to break off the mo- 
tion, which had become unconscious, and to think; when he 
had to mow round a hillock or a tuft of sorrel. The old man 
did this easily. When a hillock came he changed his action, 
and at one time with the heel, and at another with the tip 
of his scythe, clipped the hillock round both sides with short 
strokes. And while he did this he kept looking about and 
watching what came into his view : at one moment he picked 
a wild berry and ate it or offered it to Levin, then he flung 
away a twig with the blade of the scythe, then he looked at 
a quail's nest, from which the bird flew just under the scythe, 
or caught a snake that crossed his path, and lifting it on 
the scythe as though on a fork showed it to Levin and threw 
it away. 

For both Levin and the young peasant behind him, such 
changes of position were difiicult. Both of them, repeating 
over and over again the same strained movement, were in a 
perfect frenzy of toil, and were incapable of shifting their 
position and at the same time watching what was before 
them. 

Levin did not notice how time was passing. If he had been 
asked how long he had been working he would have said 
half an hour — and it was getting on for dinner-time. As 
they were walking back over the cut grass, the old man called 
Levin's attention to the little girls and boys who were coming 
from different directions, hardly visible through the long 



336 LEO TOLSTOY 

grass, and along the road towards the mowers, carrying sacks 
of bread dragging at their little hands and pitchers of the 
sour rye-beer, with cloths wrapped round them. 

'Look 'ee, the little emmets crawling!" he said, pointing 
to them, and he shaded his eyes with his hand to look at the 
sun. 

They mowed two more rows; the old man stopped. 

'Come, master, dinner-time!' he said briskly. And on 
reaching the stream the mowers moved off across the lines 
of cut grass towards their pile of coats, where the children 
who had brought their dinners were sitting waiting for 
them. 

The peasants gathered into groups — those further away 
under a cart, those nearer under a willow bush. 

Levin sat down by them ; he felt disinclined to go away. 

All constraint with the master had disappeared long ago. 
The peasants got ready for dinner. Some washed, the young 
lads bathed in the stream, others made a place comfortable 
for a rest, untied their sacks of bread, and vmcovered the 
pitchers of rye-beer. The old man crumbled up some bread 
in a cup, stirred it with the handle of a spoon, poured water 
on it from the dipper, broke up some more bread, and hav- 
ing seasoned it with salt, he turned to the east to say his 
prayer. 

'Come, master, taste my sop,' said he, kneeling down before 
the cup. 

The sop was so good that Levin gave up the idea of 
going home. He dined with the old man, and talked to 
him about his family affairs, taking the keenest interest in 
them, and told him about his own affairs and all the cir- 
cumstances that could be of interest to the old man. He 
felt much nearer to him than to his brother, and could not 
help smiling at the affection he felt for this man. When 
the old man got up again, said his prayer, and lay down 
under a bush, putting some grass under his head for a pillow. 
Levin did the same, and in spite of the clinging f^ies that 
were so persistent in the sunshine, and the midges that 
tickled his hot face and body, he fell asleep at once and only 
waked when the sun had passed to the other side of the 
bush and reached him. The old man had been awake a lon^^ 



ANNA KAREXIX 337 

while, and was sitting up whetting the scythes of the 
younger lads. 

Levin looked about him and hardly recognised the place, 
everything was so changed. The immense stretch of meadow 
had been mown and was sparkling with a peculiar fresh 
brilliance, with its lines of already sweet-smelling grass in 
the slanting rays of the evening sun. And the bushes about 
the river had been cut down, and the river itself, not visible 
before, now gleaming like steel in its bends, and the moving, 
ascending, peasants, and the sharp wall of grass of the un- 
mown part of the meadow and the hawks hovering over the 
stripped meadow — all was perfectly new. Raising himself. 
Levin began considering how much had been cut and how 
much more could still be done that day. 

The work done was exceptionally much for forty-two men. 
They had cut the whole of the big meadow, which had, in 
the years of serf labour, taken thirty scythes two days to 
mow. Only the corners remained to do, where the rows 
were short. 

But Levin felt a longing to get as much mowing done 
that day as possible, and was vexed with the sun sinking 
so quickly in the sky. He felt no weariness ; all he wanted 
was to get his work done more and more quickly and as much 
done as possible. 

'Could you cut Mashkin Upland too? what do you think?' 
he said to the old man. 

'As God wills, the sun's not high. A little vodka for the 
lads?' 

At the afternoon rest, when they were sitting down again, 
and those who smoked had lighted their pipes, the old man 
told the men that 'Mashkin Upland's to be cut — there'll be 
some vodka.' 

"Why not cut it? Come on, Tit! We'll look sharp! We 
can eat at night. Come on !' cried voices, and eating up 
their bread, the mowers went back to work. 

'Come, lads, keep it up !' said Tit, and ran on ahead almost 
at a trot. 

'Get along, get along!' said the old man, hurrying after 
him and easily overtaking him, Til mow you down, look 
out!' 



338 LEO TOLSTOY 

And young and old mowed away, as though they were rac- 
ing with one another. But however fast they worked, they 
did not spoil the grass, and the rows were laid just as neatly 
and exactly. The little piece left uncut in the corner was 
mown in five minutes. The last of the mowers were just 
ending their rows while the foremost snatched up their coats 
on to their shoulders, and crossed the road towards Mashkin 
Upland. 

The sun was already sinking into the trees when they went 
with their jingling dippers into the wooded ravine of Mash- 
kin Upland. The grass was up to their waists in the middle 
of the hollow, soft, tender, and feathery, spotted here and 
there among the trees with wild heart's-ease. 

After a brief consultation — whether to take the rows 
lengthwise or diagonally — Prohor Yermilin, also a renowned 
mower, a huge, black-haired peasant, went on ahead. He 
went up to the top, turned back again and started mowing, 
and they all proceeded to form in line behind him, going 
downhill through the hollow and uphill right up to the edge 
of the forest. The sun sank behind the forest. The dew 
was falling by now; the mowers were in the sun only on 
the hillside, but below, where a mist was rising, and on the 
opposite side, they mowed into the fresh, dewy shade. The 
work went rapidly. The grass cut with a juicy sound, and 
was at once laid in high, fragrant rows. The mowers from 
all sides, brought closer together in the short row, kept urging 
one another on to the sound of jingling dippers and clanging 
scythes, and the hiss of the whetstones sharpening them, and 
good-humoured shouts. 

Levin still kept between the young peasant and the old 
man. The old man, who had put on his short sheepskin 
jacket, was just as good-humoured, jocose, and free in his 
movements. Among the trees they were continually cutting 
with their scythes the so-called 'birch mushrooms,' swollen 
fat in the succulent grass. But the old man bent down every 
time he came across a mushroom, picked it up and put it in 
his bosom. 'Another present for my old woman,' he said as 
he did so. 

Easy as it was to mow the wet, soft grass, it was hard 
work going up and down the steep sides of the ravine. But 



ANNA KARENIN" 339 

this did not trouble the old man. Swinging his scythe just 
as ever, and moving his feet in their big, plaited shoes with 
firm, little steps, he climbed slowly up the steep place, and 
though his breeches hanging out below his smock, and his 
whole frame trembled with effort, he did not miss one blade 
of grass or one mushroom on his way, and kept making jokes 
with the peasants and Levin. Levin walked after him and 
often thought he must fall, as he climbed with a scythe up 
a steep cliff where it would have been hard work to clamber 
without anything. But he climbed up and did what he had 
to do. He felt as though some external force were moving 
him. 



CHAPTER VI 

MASHKIN UPLAND was mown, the last row finished, 
the peasants had put on their coats and were gaily 
trudging home. Levm got on his horse, and parting 
regretfully from the peasants, rode homewards. On the 
hillside he looked back ; he could not see them in the mist 
that had risen from the valley ; he could only hear rough, 
good-humoured voices, laughter, and the sound of clanking 
scythes. 

Sergey Ivanovitch had long ago finished dinner, and was 
drinking iced lemon and water in his own room, looking 
through the reviews and papers which he had only just 
received by post, when Levin rushed into the room, talking 
merrily, with his wet and matted hair sticking to his fore- 
head, and his back and chest grimed and moist. 

'We mowed the whole meadow ! Oh, it is nice, delicious ! 
And how have you been getting on ?' said Levin, completely 
forgetting the disagreeable conversation of the previous day. 

'Mercy ! what do you look like !' said Sergey Ivanovitch, 
for the first moment looking round with some dissatisfaction. 
'And the door, do shut the dor!' he cried. 'You must have 
let in a dozen at least.' 

Sergey Ivanovitch could not endure flies, and in his own 
room he never opened the window except at night, and care- 
fully kept the door shut. 

'Not one, on my honour. But if I have, I'll catch them. 
You wouldn't believe what a pleasure it is I How have you 
spent the day?' 

'Very well. But have you really been mowing the whole 
day? I expect you're as hungry as a wolf. Kouzma has 
got everything ready for you.' 

'No, I don't feel hungry even. I had something to eat 
there. But I'll go and wash.' 

'Yes, go along, go along, and I'll come to you directly,' said 
Sergey Ivanovitch, shaking his head as he looked at his 

340 



ANNA KARENIX 341 

brother. 'Go along, make haste,' he added smiling, and 
gathering up his books, he prepared to go too. He, too, felt 
suddenly good-humoured and disinclined to leave his brother's 
side. 'But what did you do while it was raining?' 

'Rain? Why, there was scarcely a drop. I'll come directly. 
So you had a nice day too? That's first-rate.' And Levin 
went off to change his clothes. 

Five minutes later the brothers met in the dining-room. 
Although it seemed to Levin that he was not hungry, and 
he sat down to dinner simply so as not to hurt Kouzma's 
feelings, yet when he began to eat the dinner struck him as 
extraordinarily good. Sergey Ivanovitch watched him with 
a smile. 

'Oh, by the way, there's a letter for you,' said he. 'Kouzma, 
bring it down, please. And mind you shut the doors.' 

The letter was from Oblonsky. Levin read it aloud. 
Oblonsky wrote to him from Petersburg : 'I have had a letter 
from Dolly ; she's at Ergushovo, and everything seems going 
wrong there. Do ride over and see her, please ; help her 
with advice ; you know all about it. She will be so glad to 
see you. She's quite alone, poor thing. My mother-in-law 
and all of them are still abroad.' 

"That's capital ! I will certainly ride over to her,' said 
Levin. Or we'll go together. She's such a splendid woman, 
isn't she?' 

'They're not far from here, then ?' 

'Twenty-five miles. Or perhaps it is thirty. But a capital 
road. Capital, we'll drive over.' 

'I shall be delighted,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, still smiling. 
The sight of his younger brother's appearance had imme- 
diately put him in a good humour. 

'Well, you have an appetite !' he said, looking at his dark- 
red, sunburnt face and neck bent over the plate. 

'Splendid I You can't imagine what an effectual remedy 
it is for every sort of foolishness., I want to enrich medicine 
with a new word: Arbcitskur.' 

'Well, but you don't need it, I should fancy.' 

'No, but for all sorts of nervous invalids.' 

'Yes, it ought to be tried. I had meant to come to the 
mowing to look at you, but it was so unbearably hot that I 



342 I.EO TOLSTOY 

got no further than the forest. I sat there a little, and went 
on by the forest to the village, met your old nurse, and 
sounded her as to the peasants' view of you. As far as I 
can make out, they don't approve of this. She said: "It's 
not a gentleman's work." Altogether, I fancy that in the 
people's ideas there are very clear and definite notions of 
certain, as they call it, "gentlemanly" lines of action. And 
they don't sanction the gentry's moving outside bounds 
clearly laid down in their ideas.' 

'May be so; but any way it's a pleasure such as I have 
never known in my life. And there's no harm in it, you 
know. Is there?' answered Levin. 'I can't help it if they 
don't like it. Though I do believe it's all right. Eh?' 

'Altogether,' pursued Sergey Ivanovitch, 'you're satisfied 
with your day?' 

'Quite satisfied. We cut the whole meadow. And such a 
splendid old man I made friends with there ! You can't fancy 
how delightful he was !' 

'Well, so you're content with your day. And so am I. 
First, I solved two chess problems, and one a very pretty 
one — a pawn opening. I'll show it you. And then — I thought 
over our conversation yesterday.' 

'Eh! our conversation yesterday?' said Levin, blissfully 
dropping his eyelids and drawing deep breaths after finishing 
his dinner, and absolutely incapable of recalling what their 
conversation yesterday was about. 

'I think you are partly right. Our difference of opinion 
amounts to this, that you make the mainspring self-interest, 
while I suppose that interest in the common weal is bound 
to exist in every man of a certain degree of advancement. 
Possibly you are right too, that action found on material 
interest would be more desirable. You are altogether, as the 
French say, too primesautiere a nature; you must have in- 
tense, energetic action, or nothing.' 

Levin listened to his brother and did not understand a 
single word, and did not want to understand. He was only 
afraid his brother might ask him some question which would 
make it evident he had not heard. 

'So that's what I think it is, my dear boy,' said Sergey 
Ivanovitch, touching him on the shoulder. 



ANNA KARENIN 343 

'Yes, of course. But, do you know? I won't stand up for 
my view,' answered Levin, with a guilty, childlike smile. 
'Whatever was it I was disputing about?' he wondered. 'Of 
course, I'm right, and he's right, and it's all first-rate. Only 
I must go round to the counting-house and see to things.' 
He got up, stretching and smiling. Sergey Ivanovitch smiled 
too. 

'If you want to go out, let's go together,' he said, disin- 
clined to be parted from his brother, who seemed positively 
breathing out freshness and energy. 'Come, we'll go to the 
counting-house, if you have to go there.' 

'Oh, heavens !' shouted Levin, so loudly that Sergey Ivano- 
vitch was quite frightened. 

'What, what is the matter?' 

'How's Agafea Mihalovna's hand?' said Levin, slapping 
himself on the head. 'I'd positively forgotten her even.' 

'It's much better.' 

"Well, any way I'll run down to her. Before you've time 
to get your hat on, I'll be back.' 

And he ran downstairs, clattering with his heels like a 
spring-rattle. 



CHAPTER VII 

STEPAN ARKADYEVITCH had gone to Petersburg 
I to perform the most natural and essential official duty 
— so familiar to every one in the government service, 
though incomprehensible to outsiders — that duty, but for 
which one could hardly be in government service, of remind- 
ing the ministry of his existence — and having, for the due 
performance of this rite, taken all the available cash from 
home, was gaily and agreeably spending his days at the races 
and in the summer villas. Meanwhile Dolly and the children 
had moved into the country, to cut down expenses as much 
as possible. She had gone to Ergushovo, the estate that had 
been her dowry, and the one where in spring the forest had 
been sold. It was nearly forty miles from Levin's Pok- 
rovskoe. The big, old house at Ergushovo had been pulled 
down long ago, and the old prince had had the lodge done 
up and built on to. Twenty years before, when Dolly was 
a child, the lodge had been roomy and comfortable, though, 
like all lodges, it stood sideways to the entrance avenue, and 
faced the south. But by now this lodge was old and dilapi- 
dated. When Stepan Arkadyevitch had gone down in the 
spring to sell the forest, Dolly had begged him to look over 
the house and order what repairs might be needed. Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, like all unfaithful husbands indeed, was very 
solicitous for his wife's comfort, and he had himself looked 
over the house, and given instructions about everything that 
he considered necessary. What he considered necessary was 
to cover all the furniture with cretonne, to put up curtains, 
to weed the garden, to make a little bridge on the pond, and 
to plant flowers. But he forgot many other essential matters, 
the want of which greatly distressed Darya Alexandrovna 
later on. 

In spite of Stepan Arkadyevitch's efforts to be an attentive 
father and husband, he never could keep in his mind that he 
had a wife and children. He had bachelor tastes, and it was 

344 



ANNA KARENIN 345 

in accordance with them that he shaped his life. On his 
return to Moscow he informed his wife with pride that 
everything was ready, that the house would be a little para- 
dise, and that he advised her most certainly to go. His 
wife's staying away in the country was very agreeable to 
Stepan Arkadyevitch from every point of view : it did the 
children gpod, it decreased expenses, and it left him more 
at liberty. Darya Alexandrovna regarded staying in the 
country for the summer as essential for the children, espe- 
cially for the little girl, who had not succeeded in regaining 
her strength after the scarlatina, and also as a means of 
escaping the petty humiliations, the little bills owing to the 
wood-merchant, the fishmonger, the shoemaker, which made 
her miserable. Besides this, she was pleased to go away 
to the country because she was dreaming of getting her 
sister Kitty to stay with her there. Kitty was to be back 
from abroad in the middle of the summer, and bathing had 
been prescribed for her. Kitty wrote that no prospect was 
so alluring as to spend the summer with Dolly at Ergushovo, 
full of childish associations for both of them. 

The first days of her existence in the country were very 
hard for Dolly. She used to stay in the country as a child, 
and the impression she had retained of it was that the 
country was a refuge from all the unpleasantness of the 
town, that life there, though not luxurious — Dolly could 
easily make up her mind to that — was cheap and comfortable ; 
that there was plenty of everything, everything was cheap, 
everything could be got, and children were happy. But now 
coming to the country as the head of a family, she perceived 
that it was all utterly unlike what she had fancied. 

The day after their arrival there was a heavy fall of rain, 
and in the night the water came through in the corridor and 
in the nursery, so that the beds had to be carried into the 
drawing-room. There was no kitchenmaid to be found; of 
the nine cows, it appeared from the words of the cowherd- 
woman that some were about to calve, others had just 
calved, others were old, and others again hard-uddered ; 
there was not butter nor milk enough even for the children. 
There were no eggs. They could get no fowls ; old, purplish, 
stringy cocks were all they had for roasting and boiling. 



346 LEO TOLSTOY 

Impossible to get women to scrub the floors — all were 
potato-hoeing. Driving was out of the question, because 
one of the horses was restive, and bolted in the shafts. 
There was no place where they could bathe ; the whole of 
the river-bank was trampled by the cattle and open to the 
road; even walks were impossible, for the cattle strayed 
into the garden through a gap in the hedge, and there was 
one terrible bull, who bellowed, and therefore might be 
expected to gore somebody. There were no proper cup- 
boards for their clothes; what cupboards there were either 
would not close at all, or burst open whenever any one 
passed by them. There were no pots and pans ; there was no 
copper in the wash-house, nor even an ironing-board in 
the maids' room. 

Finding instead of peace and rest all these, from her point 
of view, fearful calamities, Darya Alexandrovna was at first 
in despair. She exerted herself to the utmost, felt the hope- 
lessness of the position, and was every instant suppressing 
the tears that started into her eyes. The bailiff, a retired 
quartermaster, whom Stepan Arkadyevitch had taken a fancy 
to and had appointed bailifif on account of his handsome and 
respectful appearance as a hall-porter, showed no sympathy 
for Darya Alexandrovna's woes. He said respectfully, 
'nothing can be done, the peasants are such a wretched lot,' 
and did nothing to help her. 

The position seemed hopeless. But in the Oblonskys' 
household, as in all families indeed, there was one incon- 
spicuous but most valuable and useful person, Marya 
Filimonovna. She soothed her mistress, assured her that 
everything would come round (it was her expression, and 
Matvey had borrowed it from her), and without fuss or 
hurry proceeded to set to work herself. She had imme- 
diately made friends with the bailiff's wife, and on the very 
first day she drank tea with her and the bailiff under the 
acacias, and reviewed all the circumstances of the position. 
Very soon Marya Filimonovna had established her club, so 
to say, under the acacias, and there it was, in this club, con- 
sisting of the bailiff's wife, the village elder, and the counting- 
house clerk, that the difficulties of existence were gradually 
smoothed away, and in a week's time everything actually 



ANNA KARENIN 347 

had come round. The roof was mended, a kitchenmaid was 
found — a crony of the village elder's — hens were bought, 
the cows began giving milk, the garden hedge was stopped 
up with stakes, the carpenter made a mangle, hooks were 
put in the cupboards, and they ceased to burst open spon- 
taneously, and an ironing-board covered with army cloth 
was placed across from the arm of a chair to the chest of 
drawers, and there was a smell of flat-irons in the maids' 
room. 

'Just see, now, and you were quite in despair,' said Marya 
Filimonovna, pointing to the ironing-board. They even 
rigged up a bathing-shed of straw hurdles. Lily began to 
bathe, and Darya Alexandrovna began to realise, if only in 
part, her expectations, if not of a peaceful, at least of a 
comfortable, life in the country. Peaceful with six children 
Darya Alexandrovna could not be. One would fall ill, an- 
other might easily become so, a third would be without some- 
thing necessary, a fourth would show symptoms of a bad dis- 
position, and so on. Rare indeed were the brief periods of 
peace. But these cares and anxieties were for Darya Alex- 
androvna the sole happiness possible. Had it not been for 
them, she would have been left alone to brood over her 
husband who did not love her. And besides, hard though it 
was for the mother to bear the dread of illness, the illnesses 
themselves, and the grief of seeing signs of evil propensi- 
ties in her children — the children themselves were even now 
repaying her in small joys for her sufferings. Those joys 
were so small that they passed unnoticed, like gold in sand, 
and at bad moments she could see nothing but the pain, 
nothing but sand ; but there were good moments too when 
she saw nothing but the joy, nothing but gold. 

Now in the solitude of the country, she began to be more 
and more frequently aware of those joys. Often, looking at 
them, she would make every possible effort to persuade her- 
self that she was mistaken, that she as a mother was partial 
to her children. All the same, she could not help saying to 
herself that she had charming children, all six of them in 
different ways, but a set of children such as is not often 
to be met with, and she was happy in them, and proud of 
them. 



CHAPTER 



TOWARDS the end of May, 
more or less satisfactoril} 
her husband's answer to h 
organised state of things in the cc 
her forgiveness for not having tho 
and promised to come down at the 
did not present itself, and till the 
Alexandrovna stayed alone in th( 
On the Sunday in St. Peter's v 
drove to mass for all her childr( 
Darya Alexandrovna in her int 
with her sister, her mother, anc 
astonished them by the freedom 
to religion. She had a stran 
gration of souls all her own, in 
troubling herself little about the 
But in her family she was strict ir 
required by the Church — and not 
example, but with all her heart in 
dren had not been at the sacrame 
ried her extremely, and with the f 
of Marya Filimonovna she deci( 
place now in the summer. 

For several days before, Darya 
deliberating on how to dress all t 



ANNA KARENIN 

shoulder-cape. The dress was set right, but tl 
a quarrel with the English governess. On the 
ever, all was happily arranged, and towards t 
time at which they had asked the priest to wa 
the mass — the children in their new dresses 
faces, stood on the step before the carriage w 
mother. . 

In the carriage, instead of the restive Rj 
harnessed, thanks to the representations of ' 
novna, the bailiff's horse, Brownie, and Darya 
delayed by anxiety over her own attire, came 
dressed in a white muslin gown. 

Darya Alexandrovna had done her hair, ai 
care and excitement. In old days she had ( 
own sake to look pretty and be admired. L 
got older, dress became more and more dis 
She saw that she was losing her good looks, 
began to feel pleasure and interest in dress a; 
did not dress for her own sake, not for the s 
beauty, but simply that as the mother of those 
tures she might not spoil the general effect 
at herself for the last time in the looking-glas 
fied with herself. She looked nice. Not nic 
have wished to look nice in old days at a ba 
the object which she now had in view. 

In the church there was no one but the pea 
ants and their women-folk. But Darya Ale: 
or fancied she saw, the sensation produced i 
and her. The children were not only beautif 



350 LEO TOLSTOY 

Everything went happily at home too ; but at lunch Grisha 
began whistling, and, what was worse, was disobedient to 
the English governess, and was forbidden to have any tart. 
Darya Alexandrovna would not have let things go so far 
on such a day had she been present ; but she had to support 
the English governess's authority, and she upheld her deci- 
sion that Grisha should have no tart. This rather spoiled 
the general good humour. Grisha cried, declaring that Niko- 
linka had whistled too, and he was not punished, and that he 
wasn't crying for the tart — he didn't care — but at being un- 
justly treated. This was really too tragic, and Darya Alex- 
androvna made up her mind to persuade the English gover- 
ness to forgive Grisha, and she went to speak to her. But 
on her way, as she passed the drawing-room, she beheld 
a scene, filling her heart with such pleasure that the 
tears came into her eyes, and she forgave the delinquent 
herself. 

The culprit was sitting at the window in the corner of 
the drawing-room; beside him was standing Tanya with a 
plate. On the pretext of wanting to give some dinner to 
her dolls, she had asked the governess's permission to take 
her share of tart to the nursery, and had taken it instead to 
her brother. While still weeping over the injustice of his 
punishment, he was eating the tart, and kept saying through 
his sobs, 'Eat yourself; let's eat it together . . . together.' 

Tanya had at first been under the influence of her pity for 
Grisha, then of a sense of her noble action, and tears were 
standing in her eyes too; but she did not refuse, and ate her 
share. 

On catching sight of their mother they were dismayed, but, 
looking into her face, they saw they were not doing wrong. 
They burst out laughing, and, with their mouths full of tart, 
they began wiping their smiling lips with their hands, and 
smearing their radiant faces all over with tears and jam. 

'Mercy ! Your new white frock ! Tanya ! Grisha !' said 
their mother, trying to save the frock, but, with tears in her 
eyes, smiling a blissful, rapturous smile. 

The new frocks were taken off, and orders were given for 
the little girls to have their blouses put on, and the boys their 
old jackets, and the wagonette to be harnessed, with 



ANNA KARENIN 351 

Brownie, to the bailiff's annoyance, again in the shafts; to 
drive out for mushroom-picking and bathing. A roar of 
delighted shrieks arose in the nursery, and never ceased till 
they had set off for the bathing-place. 

They gathered a whole basketful of mushrooms ; even Lily 
found a birch-mushroom. It had always happened before 
that Miss Hoole found them and pointed them out to her; 
but this time she found a big one quite of herself, and there 
was a general scream of delight, 'Lily has found a 
mushroom !' 

Then they reached the river, put the horses under the 
birch-trees, and went to the bathing-place. The coachman, 
Terenty, fastened the horses, who kept whisking away the 
flies, to a tree, and, treading down the grass, lay down in 
the shade of a birch and smoked his shag, while the never- 
ceasing shrieks of delight of the children floated across to 
him from the bathing-place. 

Though it was hard work to look after all the children and 
restrain their wild pranks, though it was difficult too to keep 
in one's head and not mix up all the stockings, little breeches, 
and shoes for the different legs, and to undo and to do up 
again all the tapes and buttons, Darya Alexandrovna, who 
had always liked bathing herself, and believed it to be very 
good for the children, enjoyed nothing so much as bathing 
with all the children. To go over all those fat little legs, 
pulling on their stockings, to take in her arms and dip those 
little naked bodies, and to hear their screams of delight and 
alarm, to see the breathless faces with wide-open, scared, and 
happy eyes of all her splashing cherubs, was a great pleasure 
to her. 

When half the children had been dressed, some peasant 
women in holiday dress, out picking herbs, came up to the 
bathing-shed and stopped shyly. Marya Filimonovna called 
one of them and handed her a sheet and a shirt that had 
dropped into the water for her to dry them, and Darya 
Alexandrovna began to talk to the women. At first they 
laughed behind their hands and did not understand her 
questions, but soon they grew bolder and began to talk, 
winning Darya Alexandrovna's heart at once by the genu- 
ine admiration of the children that they showed. 



352 LEO TOLSTOY 

'My, what a beauty ! as white as sugar,' said one, admiring 
Tanitchka, and shaking her head; 'but thin . . .' 

'Yes, she has been ill.' 

'And so they've been bathing you too," said another to 
the baby. 

'No ; he's only three months old,' answered Darya Alexan- 
drovna with pride. 

'You don't say so !' 

'And have you any children?' 

'I've had four ; I've two living — a boy and a girl. I weaned 
her last carnival.' 

'How old is she?' 

'Why, two years old.' 

'Why did you nurse her so long?' 

'It's our custom : for three fasts. . . .' 

And the conversation became most interesting to Darya 
Alexandrovna. What sort of time did she have? What was 
the matter with the boy? Where was her husband? Did it 
often happen ? 

Darya Alexandrovna felt disinclined to leave the peasant 
women, so interesting to her was their conversation, so com- 
pletely identical were all their interests. What pleased her 
most of all was that she saw clearly what all the women 
admired more than anything was her having so many chil- 
dren, and such fine ones. The peasant women even made 
Darya Alexandrovna laugh, and offended the English gov- 
erness, because she was the cause of the laughter she did 
not understand. One of the younger women kept staring 
at the Englishwoman, who was dressing after all the rest. 
and w^hen she put on her third petticoat she could not refrain 
from the remark, 'My, she keeps putting on and putting on, 
and she'll never have done!' she said, and they all went off 
into roars. 



CHAPTER IX 

ON the drive home, as Darya Alexandrovna, with all 
her children round her, their heads still wet from 
their bathe, and a kerchief tied oyer her own head, 
was getting near the house, the coachman said, 'There's 
some gentleman coming: the master of Pokrovskoe, I do 
believe.' 

Darya Alexandrovna peeped out in front, and was de- 
lighted when she recognised in the grey hat and grey coat 
the familiar figure of Levin walking to meet them. She 
was glad to see him at any time, but at this moment she was 
specially glad he should see her in all her glory. No one was 
better able to appreciate her grandeur than Levin. 

Seeing her, he found himself face to face with one of the 
pictures of his day-dream of family life. 

'You're like a hen with your chickens, Darya Alexandrovna.' 

'Ah, how glad I am to see you !' she said, holding out her 
hand to him. 

'Glad to see me, but you didn't let me know. My brother's 
staying with me. I got a note from Stiva that you were here.' 

'From Stiva ?' Darya Alexandrovna asked with surprise. 

'Yes ; he writes that you are here, and that he thinks you 
might allow me to be of use to you,' said Levin, and as he 
said it he became suddenly embarrassed, and, stopping 
abruptly, he walked on in silence by the wagonette, snapping 
off the buds of the lime-trees and nibbling them. He was 
embarrassed through a sense that Darya Alexandrovna would 
be annoyed by receiving from an outsider help that should 
by rights have come from her own husband. Darya Alexan- 
drovna certainly did not like this little way of Stepan Arka- 
dyevitch's of foisting his domestic duties on others. And 
she was at once aware that Levin was aware of this. It was 
just for this fineness of perception, for this delicacy, that 
Darya Alexandrovna liked Levin. 

T know, of course,' said Levin, 'that that simply means 
that you would like to see me, and I'm exceedingly glad. 

353 



354 LEO TOLSTOY 

Though I can fancy that, used to town housekeeping as you 
are, you must feel in the wilds here, and if there's anything 
wanted, I'm altogether at your disposal.' 

'Oh no!' said Dolly. 'At first things were rather uncom- 
fortable, but now we've settled everything capitally — thanks 
to my old nurse,' she said, indicating Marya Filimonovna, 
who, seeing that they were speaking of her, smiled brightly 
and cordially to Levin. She knew him, and knew that he 
would be a good match for her young lady, and was very 
keen to see the matter settled. 

'Won't you get in, sir, we'll make room this side !' she said 
to him. 

'No, I'll walk. Children, who'd like to race the horses 
with me?' 

The children knew Levin very little, and could not remem- 
ber when they had seen him, but they experienced in regard 
to him none of that strange feeling of shyness and hostility 
which children so often experience towards hypocritical, 
grown-up people, and for which they are so often and miser- 
ably punished. Hypocrisy in anything whatever may deceive 
the cleverest and most penetrating man, but the least wide- 
awake of children recognises it, and is revolted by it, how- 
ever ingeniously it may be disguised. Whatever faults 
Levin had, there was not a trace of hypocrisy in him, and 
so the children showed him the same friendliness that they 
saw in their mother's face. On his invitation, the two elder 
ones at once jumped out to him and ran with him as simply 
as they would have done with their nurse or Miss Hoole or 
their mother. Lily, too, began begging to go to him, and her 
mother handed her to him ; he sat her on his shoulder and 
ran along with her. 

'Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, Darya Alexandrovna !' 
he said, smiling good-humouredly to the mother; 'there's no 
chance of my hurting or dropping her.' 

And, looking at his strong, agile, assiduously careful and 
needlessly wary movements, the mother felt her mind at rest, 
and smiled gaily and approvingly as she watched him. 

Here, in the country, with children, and with Darya 
Alexandrovna, with whom he was in sympathy, Levin was in 
a mood, not infrequent with him, of childlike light-hearted- 



ANNA KARENIN 355 

ness that she particularly liked in him. As he ran with the 
children, he taught them gymnastic feats, set Miss Hoole 
laughing with his queer English accent, and talked to Darya 
Alexandrovna of his pursuits in the country. 

After dinner, Darya Alexandrovna, sitting alone with him 
on the balcony, began to speak of Kitty. 

'You know, Kitty's coming here, and is going to spend the 
summer with me.' 

'Really,' he said, flushing, and at once, to change the con- 
versation, he said : 'Then I'll send you two cows, shall I ? 
If you insist on a bill you shall pay me five roubles a month; 
but it's really too bad of you.' 

'No, thank you. We can manage very well now.' 

'Oh, well, then, I'll have a look at your cows, and if you'll 
allow me, I'll give directions about their food. Everything 
depends on their food.' 

And Levin, to turn the conversation, explained to Darya 
Alexandrovna the theory of cow-keeping, based on the prin- 
ciple that the cow is simply a machine for the transformation 
of food into milk, and so on. He talked of this, and pas- 
sionately longed to hear more of Kitty, and, at the same 
time, was afraid of hearing it. He dreaded the breaking up 
of the inward peace he had gained with such efifort. 

'Yes, but still all this has to be looked after, and who is 
there to look after it?' Darya Alexandrovna responded, 
without interest. 

She had by now got her household matters so satisfactorily 
arranged, thanks to Marya Filimonovna, that she was disin- 
clined to make any change in them ; besides, she had no faith 
in Levin's knowledge of farming. General principles, as to 
the cow being a machine for the production of milk, she 
looked on with suspicion. It seemed to her that such prin- 
ciples could only be a hindrance in farm management. It 
all seemed to her a far simpler matter : all that was needed, 
as Marya Filimonovna had explained, was to give Brindle 
and Whitebreast more food and drink, and not to let the cook 
carry all the kitchen slops to the laundry-maid's cow. That 
was clear. But general propositions as to feeding on meal 
and on grass were doubtful and obscure. And, what was 
most important, she wanted to talk about Kitty. 



CHAPTER X 

KITTY writes to me that there's nothing she longs 
for so much as quiet and solitude,' Dolly said after 
the silence that had followed. 

'And how is she — better?' Levin asked in agitation. 

'Thank God, she's qufte well again. I never believed her 
lungs were affected.* 

'Oh, I'm very glad !' said Levin, and Dolly fancied she saw 
something touching, helpless, in his face as he said this and 
looked silently into her face. 

'Let me ask you, Konstantin Dmitritch.' said Darya Alex- 
androvna, smiling her kindly and rather mocking smile, 'why 
is it you are angry with Kitty?' 

I? I'm not angry with her,' said Levin. 

'Yes, you are angry. Why was it you did not come to 
see us nor them when you were in Moscow?' 

'Darya Alexandrovna,' he said, blushing up to the roots 
of his hair, 'I wonder really that with your kind heart you 
don't feel this. How it is you feel no pity for me, if noth- 
ing else, when you know . . .' 

'What do I know?' 

'You know I made an offer and that I was refused,' said 
Levin, and all the tenderness he had been feeling for Kitty 
a minute before was replaced by a feeling of anger for the 
slight he had suffered. 

'What makes you suppose I know?' 

'Because everybody knows it . . .' 

'That's just where you are mistaken; I did not know it, 
though I had guessed it was so.' 

'Well, now you know it.' 

'All I knew was that something had happened that made 
her dreadfully miserable, and that she begged me never to 
speak of it. And if she would not tell me, she would cer- 
tainly not speak of it to any one else. But what did pass 
between you? Tell me.' 

356 



ANNA KARENIN 357 

'I have told you.' 

'When was it?' 

'When I was at their house the last time.' 

'Do you know that,' said Darya Alexandrovna. 'I am 
awfully, awfully sorry for her. You suffer only from 
pride. . . .' 

'Perhaps so/ said Levin, 'but . . .' 

She interrupted him. 

'But she, poor girl ... I am awfully, awfully sorry for 
her. Now I see it all.' 

'Well, Darya Alexandrovna, you must excuse me,' he said, 
getting up. 'Good-bye, Darya Alexandrovna, till we meet 
again.' 

"No, wait a minute,' she said, clutching him by the sleeve. 
'Wait a minute, sit down.' 

'Please, please, don't let us talk of this,* he said, sitting 
down, and at the same time feeling rise up and stir within 
his heart a hope he had believed to be buried. 

'If I did not like you,' she said, and tears came into her 
eyes ; 'if I did not know you, as I do know you . . .' 

The feeling that had seemed dead revived more and more, 
rose up and took possession of Levin's heart. 

'Yes, I understand it all now,' said Darya Alexandrovna. 
'You can't understand it ; for you men, who are free and 
make your own choice, it's always clear whom you love. 
But a girl's in a position of suspense, with all a woman's 
or maiden's modesty, a girl who sees you men from 
afar, who takes everything on trust, — a girl may have, 
and often has, such a feeling that she cannot tell what to 
say.' 

'Yes, if the heart does not speak . . ,' 

'No, the heart does speak ; but just consider : you men 
have views about a girl, you come to the house, you make 
friends, you criticise, you wait to see if you have found what 
you love, and then, when you are sure you love her, you 
make an offer . . .' 

'Well, that's not quite it.' 

'Anyway you make an offer, when your love is ripe or 
when the balance has completely turned between the two you 
are choosing from. But a girl is not asked. She is expected 



358 LEO TOLSTOY 

to make her choice, and yet she cannot choose, she can only 
answer "yes" or "no." ' 

'Yes, to choose between me and Vronsky,' thought Levin, 
and the dead thing that had come to life within him died 
again, and only weighed on his heart and set it aching. 

'Darya Alexandrovna,' he said, 'that's how one chooses a 
new dress, or some purchaser or other, not love. The choice 
has been made, and so much the better . . . And there can 
be no repeating it.' 

'Ah, pride, pride !' said Darya Alexandrovna, as though 
despising him for the baseness of this feeling in comparison 
with that other feeling which only women know. 'At the 
time when you made Kitty an offer she was just in a position 
in which she could not answer. She was in doubt. Doubt 
between you and Vronsky. Him she was seeing every day, 
and you she had not seen for a long while. Supposing she 
had been older, ... I, for instance, in her place could have 
felt no doubt. I always disliked him, and so it has turned 
out.' 

Levin recalled Kitty's answer. She had said : 'No, that 
cannot be . . .' 

'Darya Alexandrovna,' he said dryly, 'I appreciate your 
confidence in me ; I believe you are making a mistake. But 
whether I am right or wrong, that pride you so despise 
makes any thought of Katerina Alexandrovna out of the 
question for me, — you understand, utterly out of the question.' 

'I will only say one thing more: you know that I am 
speaking of my sister, whom I love as I love my own chil- 
dren. I don't say she cared for you, all I meant to say is 
that her refusal at that moment proves nothing.' 

'I don't know !' said Levin, jumping up. 'If you only knew 
how you are hurting me. It's just as if a child of yours 
were dead, and they were to say to you. He would have 
been like this and like that, and he might have lived, and 
how happy you would have been in him. But he's dead, 
dead, dead ! . . .' 

'How absurd you are !' said Darya Alexandrovna, looking 
with mournful tenderness at Levin's excitement. 'Yes, I see 
it all more and more clearly,' she went on musingly. 'So 
you won't come to see us, then, when Kitty's here?' 



ANNA KAREXIN 359 

'No, I shan't come. Of course I won't avoid meeting 
Katerina Alexanclrovna, but as far as I can, I will try to 
save her the annoyance of my presence.' 

'You are very, very absurd,' repeated Darya Alexandrovna, 
looking with tenderness into his face. 'Very well then, let it 
be as though we had not spoken of this. What have you 
come for, Tanya?' she said in French to the little girl who 
had come in. 

'Where's my spade, mamma?' 

'I speak French, and you must too.' 

The little girl tried to say it in French, but could not 
remember the French for spade ; the mother prompted her, 
and then told her in French where to look for the spade. 
And this made a disagreeable impression on Levin. 

Everything in Darya Alexandrovna's house and children 
struck him now as by no means so charming as a little 
while before. 'And what does she talk French with the 
children for?' he thought; 'how unnatural and false it is! 
And the children feel it so. Learning French and unlearn- 
ing sincerity,' he thought to himself, unaware that Darya 
Alexandrovna had thought all that over twenty times already, 
and yet, even at the cost of some loss of sincerity, believed 
it necessary to teach her children French in that way, 

'But why are you going? Do stay a little.' 

Levin stayed to tea; but his good-humour had vanished, 
and he felt ill at ease. 

After tea he went out into the hall to order his horses to 
be put in, and, when he came back, he found Darya Alexan- 
drovna greatly disturbed, with a troubled face, and tears in 
her eyes. While Levin had been outside, an incident had 
occurred which had utterly shattered all the happiness she 
had been feeling that day, and her pride in her children. 
Grisha and Tanya had been fighting over a ball. Darya 
Alexandrovna, hearing a scream in the nursery, ran in and 
saw a terrible sight. Tanya was pulling Grisha's hair, while 
he, with a face hideous with rage, was beating her with his 
fists wherever he could get at her. Something snapped in 
Darya Alexandrovna's heart when she saw this. It was as 
if darkness had swooped down upon her life; she felt that 
these children of hers, that she was so proud of, were not 



360 LEO TOLSTOY 

merely most ordinary, but positively bad, ill-bred children, 
with coarse, brutal propensities — wicked children. 

She could not talk or think of anything else, and she could 
not speak to Levin of her misery. 

Levin saw she was unhappy and tried to comfort her, 
saying that it showed nothing bad, that all children fight; 
but, even as he said it, he was thinking in his heart: 'No, 
I won't be artificial and talk French with my children ; but 
my children won't be like that. All one has to do is not to 
spoil children, not to distort their nature, and they'll be 
delightful. No, my children won't be like that.' 

He said good-bye and drove away, and she did not try to 
keep him. 



CHAPTER XI 

IN the middle of July the elder of the village on Levin's 
sister's estate, about fifteen miles from Pokrovskoe, 
came to Levin to report on how things were going 
there and on the hay. The chief source of income on his 
sister's estate was from the riverside meadows. In former 
years the hay had been bought by the peasants for twenty 
roubles the three acres. When Levin took over the man- 
agement of the estate, he thought on examining the grass- 
lands that they were worth more, and he fixed the price 
at twenty-five roubles the three acres. The peasants would 
not give that price, and, as Levin suspected, kept off other 
purchasers. Then Levin had driven over himself and 
arranged to have the grass cut, partly by hired labour, 
partly at a payment of a certain proportion of the crop. 
His own peasants put every hindrance they could in the 
way of this new arrangement, but it was carried out, and 
the first year the meadows had yielded a profit almost 
double. The previous year — which was the third year — the 
peasants had maintained the same opposition to the arrange- 
ment, and the hay had been cut on the same system. This 
year the peasants were doing all the mowing for a third 
of the hay crop, and the village elder had come now to 
announce that the hay had been cut, and that, fearing rain, 
they had invited the counting-house clerk over, had divided 
the crop in his presence, and had raked together eleven 
stacks as the owner's share. From the vague answers to 
his question how much hay had been cut on the principal 
meadow, from the hurry of the village elder who had made 
the division, not asking leave, from the whole tone of the 
peasant, Levin perceived that there was something wrong 
in the division of the hay, and made up his mind to drive 
over himself to look into the matter. 

Arriving to dinner at the village, and leaving his horse at 
the cottage of an old friend of his, the husband of his 

361 

P— n 



362 LEO TOLSTOY 

brother's wet-nurse, Levin went to see the old man in his 
bee-house, wanting to find out from him the truth about the 
hay. Parmenitch, a talkative, comely old man, gave Levin 
a very warm welcome, showed him all he was doing, told 
him everything about his bees and the swarms of that year ; 
but gave vague and unwilling answers to Levin's inquiries 
about the mowing. This confirmed Levin still more in his 
suspicions. He went to the hay-fields and examined the 
stacks. 

The haystacks could not possibly contain fifty wagon- 
loads each, and to convict the peasants Levin ordered the 
wagons that had carried the hay to be brought up directly, 
to lift one stack, and carry it into the barn. There turned 
out to be only thirty-two loads in the stack. In spite of the 
village elder's assertions about the compressibility of hay, 
and its having settled down in the stacks, and his swearing 
that everything had been done in the fear of God, Levin 
stuck to his point that the hay had been divided without 
his orders, and that, therefore, he would not accept that 
hay as fifty loads to a stack. After a prolonged dispute 
the matter was decided by the peasants taking these eleven 
stacks, reckoning them as fifty loads each. The arguments 
and the division of the haycocks lasted the whole after- 
noon. 

When the last of the hay had been divided. Levin, intrust- 
ing the superintendence of the rest to the counting-house 
clerk, sat down on a haycock marked off by a stake of 
willow, and looked admiringly at the meadow swarming 
with peasants. 

In front of him, in the bend of the river beyond the 
marsh, moved a bright-coloured line of peasant women, 
and the scattered hay was being rapidly formed into grey 
winding rows over the pale green stubble. After the women 
came the men with pitchforks, and from the grey rows 
there were growing up broad, high, soft haycocks. To the 
left carts were rumbling over the meadow that had been 
already cleared, and one after another the haycocks van- 
ished, flung up in huge forkfuls, and in their place there 
were rising heavy cartloads of fragrant hay hanging over 
the horses' hindquarters. 



ANNA KARENIN 363 

'What weather for haying ! What hay it'll be !' said an 
old man, squatting down beside Levin. 'It's tea, not hay ! 
It's like scattering grain to the ducks, the way they pick it 
up !' he added, pointing to the growing haycocks. 'Since 
dinner-time they've carried a good half of it.J 

'The last load, eh?' he shouted to a young peasant, who 
drove by, standing in the front of an empty cart, shaking 
the cord reins. 

"The last, dad !' the lad shouted back, pulling in the horse, 
and, smiling, he looked round at a bright, rosy-cheeked peas- 
ant girl who sat in the cart smiling too, and drove on. 

'Who's that? Your son?' asked Levin. 

'My baby,' said the old man with a tender smile. 

'What a fine fellow !' 

'The lad's all right.' 

'Married already?' 

'Yes, it's two years last St. Philip's day.' 

'Any children?' 

'Children indeed ! Why, for over a year he was innocent 
as a babe himself, and bashful too,' answered the old man. 
'Well, the hay ! It's as fragrant as tea !' he repeated, wash- 
ing to change the subject. 

Levin looked more attentively at Ivan Parmenov and his 
wife. They were loading a haycock on to the cart not far 
from him. Ivan Parmenov was standing on the cart, taking, 
laying in place, and stamping down the huge bundles of hay, 
which his pretty young wife deftly handed up to him, at first 
in armfuls, and then on the pitchfork. The young wife 
worked easily, merrily, and dexterously. The close-packed 
hay did not once break away off her fork. First she gath- 
ered it together, jtuck the fork into it, then with a rapid, 
supple movement leant the whole weight of her body on it, 
and at once with a bend of her back under the red belt she 
drew herself up, and arching her full bosom under the white 
smock, with a smart turn swung the fork in her arms, and 
flung the bundle of hay high on to the cart. Ivan, obviously 
doing his best to save her every minute of unnecessary 
labour, made haste, opening wide his arms to clutch the 
bundle and lay it in the cart. As she raked together what 
was left of the hay. the young wife shook off the bits of 



364 LEO TOLSTOY 

hay that had fallen on her neck, and straightening the red 
kerchief that had dropped forward over her white brow, 
not browned like her face by the sun, she crept under the 
cart to tie up the load. Ivan directed her how to fasten 
the cord to the cross-piece, and at something she said he 
laughed aloud. In the expressions of both faces was to 
be seen vigorous, young, freshly awakened love. 



CHAPTER XII 

THE load was tied on. Ivan jumped down and took the 
quiet, sleek horse by the bridle. The young wife 
flung the rake up on the load, and with a bold step, 
swinging her arms, she went to join the women, who were 
forming a ring for the haymakers' dance. Ivan drove ofit' 
to the road and fell into line with the other loaded carts. 
The peasant women, with their rakes on their shoulders, 
gay with bright flowers, and chattering with ringing, merry 
voices, walked behind the hay-cart. One wild untrained 
female voice broke into a song, and sang it alone through 
a verse, and then the same verse was taken up and repeated 
by half a hundred strong healthy voices, of all sorts, coarse 
and fine, singing in unison. 

The women, all singing, began to come close to Levin, and 
he felt as though a storm were swooping down upon him 
with a thunder of merriment. The storm swooped down, 
enveloped him and the haycock on which he was lying, and 
the other haycocks, and the wagon-loads, and the whole 
meadow and distant fields all seemed to be shaking and 
singing to the measures of this wild merry song with its 
shouts and whistles and clapping. Levin felt envious of 
this health and mirthfulness ; he longed to take part in the 
expression of this joy of life. But he could do nothing, 
and had to lie and look on and listen. When the peasants, 
with their singing, had vanished out of sight and hearing, 
a weary feeling of despondency at his own isolation, his 
physical inactivity, his alienation from this world, came 
over Levin. 

Some of the very peasants who had been most active in 
wrangling with him over the hay, some whom he had treated 
with contumely, and who had tried to cheat him, those very 
peasants had greeted him good-humouredly, and evidently 
had not, were incapable of having any feeling of rancour 
against him, any regret, any recollection even of having 

S65 



•366 LEO TOLSTOY 

tried to deceive him. All that was drowned in a sea of 
merry common labour. God gave the day, God gave the 
strength. And the day and the strength were consecrated 
to labour, and that labour was its own reward. For whom 
the labour? What would be its fruits? These were idle 
considerations — beside the point. 

Often Levin had admired this life, often he had a sense 
of envy of the men who led this life; but to-day for the 
first time, especially under the influence of what he had seen 
in the attitude of Ivan Parmenov to his young wife, the 
idea presented itself definitely to his mind that it was in 
his power to exchange the dreary, artificial, idle, and individ- 
ualistic life he was leading for this laborious, pure, and 
social delightful life. 

The old man who had been sitting beside him had long 
ago gone home ; the people had all separated. Those who 
lived near had gone home, while those who came from far 
were gathered into a group for supper, and to spend the 
night in the meadow. Levin, unobserved by the peasants, 
still lay on the haycock, and still looked on and listened and 
mused. The peasants who remained for the night in the 
meadow scarcely slept all the short summer night. At first 
there was the sound of merry talk and laughing all together 
over the supper, then singing again and laughter. 

All the long day of toil had left no trace in them but 
lightness of heart. Before the early dawn all was hushed. 
Nothing was to be heard but the night sounds of the frogs 
that never ceased in the marsh, and the horses snorting in 
the mist that rose over the meadow before the morning. 
Rousing himself. Levin got up from the haycock, and look- 
ing at the stars, he saw that the night was over. 

'Well, what am I going to do? How am I to set about 
it?' he said to himself, trying to express to himself all the 
thoughts and feelings he had passed through in that brief 
night. All the thoughts and feelings he had passed through 
fell into three separate trains of thought. One was the 
renunciation of his old life, of his utterly useless educa- 
tion. This renunciation gave him satisfaction, and was easy 
and simple. Another series of thoughts and mental images 
related to the life he longed to live now. The simplicity, 



ANNA KARENIN 367 

the purity, the sanity of this life he felt clearly, and he 
was convinced he would find in it the content, the peace, and 
the dignity, of the lack of which he was so miserably con- 
scious. But a third series of ideas turned upon the question 
how to efifect this transition from the old life to the new. 
And there nothing took clear shape for him. 'Have a wife? 
Have work and the necessity of work? Leave Pokrovskoe? 
Buy land? Become a member of a peasant community? 
Marry a peasant girl? How am I to set about it?' he asked 
himself again, and could not find an answer. 'I haven't 
slept all night, though, and I can't think it out clearly,' he 
said to himself. 'I'll work it out later. One thing's certain, 
this night has decided my fate. All my old dreams of 
home-life were absurd, not the real thing,' he told himself. 
"It's all ever so much simpler and better. . . .' 

'How beautiful !' he thought, looking at the strange, as it 
were, mother-of-pearl shell of white fleecy cloudlets resting 
right over his head in the middle of the sky. 'How exquisite 
it all is in this exquisite night ! And when was there time 
for that cloud-shell to form? Just now I looked at the sky, 
and there was nothing in it — only two white streaks. Yes, 
and so imperceptibly too my views of life changed !' 

He went out of the meadow and walked along the high- 
road towards the village. A slight wind arose, and the sky 
looked grey and sullen. The gloomy moment had come that 
usually precedes the dawn, the full triumph of light over 
darkness. 

Shrinking from the cold, Levin walked rapidly, looking at 
the ground. "What's that? Some one coming,' he thought, 
catching the tinkle of bells; and lifting his head. Forty paces 
from him a carriage with four horses harnessed abreast was 
driving towards him along the grassy high-road on which 
he was walking. The shaft-horses were tilted against the 
shafts by the ruts, but the dexterous driver sitting on the 
box held the shaft over the ruts, so that the wheels ran on 
the smooth part of the road. 

This was all Levin noticed, and without wondering who it 
could be, he gazed absently at the coach. 

In the coach was an old lady dozing in one corner, and at 
the window, evidently only just awake, sat a young girl 



368 LEO TOLSTOY 

holding in both hands the ribbons of a white cap. With a 
face full of light and thought, full of a subtle, complex 
inner life, that was remote from Levin, she was gazing 
beyond him at the glow of the sunrise. 

At the very instant when this apparition was vanishing, 
the truthful eyes glanced at him. She recognised him, and 
her face lighted up with wondering delight. 

He could not be mistaken. There were no other eyes like 
those in the world. There was only one creature in the world 
that could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning 
of life. It was she. It was Kitty. He understood that she 
was driving to Ergushovo from the railway station. And 
everything that had been stirring Levin during that sleep- 
less night, all the resolutions he had made, all vanished at 
once. He recalled with horror his dreams of marrying a 
peasant girl. There only, in the carriage that had crossed 
over to the other side of the road, and was rapidly disappear- 
ing, there only could he find the solution of the riddle of 
his life, which had weighed so agonisingly upon him of late. 

She did not look out again. The sound of the carriage- 
springs was no longer audible, the bells could scarcely be 
heard. The barking of dogs showed the carriage had 
reached the village, and all that was left was the empty fields 
all round, the village in front, and he himself isolated and 
apart from it all, wandering lonely along the deserted high- 
road. 

He glanced at the sky, expecting to find there the cloud- 
shell he had been admiring and taking as the symbol of the 
ideas and feelings of that night. There was nothing in the 
sky in the least like a shell. There, in the remote heights 
above, a mysterious change had been accomplished. There 
was no trace of shell, and there was stretched over fully half 
the sky an even cover of tiny and ever tinier cloudlets. 
The sky had grown blue and bright; and with the same 
softness, but with the same remoteness, it met his question- 
ing gaze. 

*No,' he said to himself, 'however good that life of sim- 
plicity and toil may be, I cannot go back to it. I love her.' 



CHAPTER XIII 

NONE but those who were most intimate with Alexey 
Alexandrovitch knew that, while on the surface the 
coldest and most reasonable of men, he had one 
weakness quite opposed to the general trend of his charac- 
ter. Alexey Alexandrovitch could not bear or see a child 
or woman crying without being moved. The sight of tears 
threw him into a state of nervous agitation, and he utterly 
lost all power of reflection. The chief secretary of his 
department and his private secretary were aware of this, 
and used to warn women who came with petitions on no 
account to give way to tears, if they did not want to ruin 
their chances. 'He will get angry, and will not listen to 
you,' they used to say. And as a fact, in such cases the 
emotional disturbance set up in Alexey Alexandrovitch by 
the sight of tears found expression in hasty anger. 'I can 
do nothing. Kindly leave the room !' he would commonly 
cry in such cases. 

When returning from the races Anna had informed him 
of her relations with Vronsky, and i-mmediately afterwards 
had burst into tears, hiding her face in her hands, Alexey 
Alexandrovitch, for all the fury aroused in him against 
her, was aware at the same time of a rush of that emotional 
disturbance always produced in him by tears. Conscious 
of it, and conscious that any expression of his feelings at 
that minute would be out of keeping with the position, he 
tried to suppress every manifestation of life in himself, and 
so neither stirred nor looked at her. This was what had 
caused that strange expression of deathlike rigidity in his 
face which had so impressed Anna. 

When they reached the house he helped her to get out of 
the carriage, and making an effort to master himself, took 
leave of her with his usual urbanity, and uttered that phrase 
that bound him to nothing ; he said that to-morrow he would 
let her know his decision. 

369 



370 LEO TOLSTOY 

His wife's words, confirming his worst suspicions, had sent 
a cruel pang to the heart of Alexey Alexandrovitch. That 
pang was intensified by the strange feeling of physical pity 
for her set up by her tears. But when he was all alone in 
the carriage Alexey Alexandrovitch, to his surprise and 
delight, felt complete relief both from this pity and from 
the doubts and agonies of jealousy. 

He experienced the sensations of a man who has had a 
tooth out after suffering long from toothache. After a fear- 
ful agony and a sense of something huge, bigger than the 
head itself, being torn out of his jaw, the sufferer, hardly 
able to believe in his own good luck, feels all at once that 
what has so long poisoned his existence and enchained his 
attention, exists no longer, and that he can live and think 
again, and take interest in other things besides his tooth. 
This feeling Alexey Alexandrovitch was experiencing. The 
agony had been strange and terrible, but now it was over ; 
he felt that he could live again and think of something other 
than his wife. 

'No honour, no heart, no religion ; a corrupt woman. T 
always knew it and always saw it, though I tried to deceive 
myself to spare her,' he said to himself. And it actually 
seemed to him that he always had seen it : he recalled inci- 
dents of their past life, in which he had never seen anything 
wrong before — now these incidents proved clearly that she 
had always been a corrupt woman. 'I made a mistake in 
linking my life to hers; but there was nothing wrong in 
my mistake, and so I cannot be unhappy. It's not I that am 
to blame,' he told himself, 'but she. But I have nothing to 
do with her. She does not exist for me. . . .' 

Everything relating to her and her son, towards whom his 
sentiments were as much changed as towards her, ceased to 
interest him. The only thing that interested him now was 
the question in what way he could best, with most propriety 
and comfort for himself, and so with most justice, extricate 
himself from the mud with which she had spattered him in 
her fall, and then proceed along his path of active, honour- 
able, and useful existence. 

'I cannot be made unhappy by the fact that a contemptible 
woman has committed a crime. I have only to find the best 



ANNA KARENIN 371 

way out of the difficult position in which she has placed me. 
And I shall find it,' he said to himself, frowning more and 
more; 'I'm not the first nor the last.' And to say nothing 
of historical instances dating from the 'Fair Helen' of 
Menelaus, recently revived in the memory of all, a whole 
list of contemporary examples of husbands with unfaithful 
wives in the highest society rose before Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch's imagination. 'Daryalov, Poltavsky, Prince Kari- 
banov, Count Paskudin, Dram . . . Yes, even Dram, such an 
honest, capable fellow . . . Semyonov, Tchagin, Sigonin,' 
Alexey Alexandrovitch remembered. 'Admitting that a cer- 
tain quite irrational ridicule falls to the lot of these men, 
yet I never saw anything but a misfortune in it, and always 
felt sympathy for it,' Alexey Alexandrovitch said to him- 
self, though indeed this was not the fact, and he had never 
felt sympathy for misfortunes of that kind, but the more 
frequently he had heard of instances of unfaithful wives 
betraying their husbands, the more highly he had thought of 
himself. 'It is a misfortune which may befall any one. And 
this misfortune has befallen me. The only thing to be done 
is to make the best of the position.' And he began passing 
in review the methods of proceeding of men who had been 
in the same position that he was in. 

'Daryalov fought a duel. . . .' 

The duel had particularly fascinated the thoughts of 
Alexey Alexandrovitch in his youth, just because he was 
physically a coward, and was himself well aware of the 
fact. Alexey Alexandrovitch could not without horror con- 
template the idea of a pistol aimed at himself, and had never 
made use of any weapon in his life. This horror had in 
his youth set him pondering on duelling, and picturing him- 
self in a position in which he would have to expose his 
life to danger. Having attained success and an established 
position in the world, he had long ago forgotten this feeling; 
but the habitual bent of feeling reasserted itself, and dread of 
his own cowardice proved even now so strong, that Alexey 
Alexandrovitch spent a long while thinking over the ques- 
tion of duelling in all its aspects, and hugging the idea of 
a duel, though he was fully aware beforehand that he would 
never under any circumstances fight one. 



372 LEO TOLSTOY 

'There's no doubt our society is still so barbarous (it's 
not the same in England) that very many' — and among 
these were those whose opinion Alexey Alexandrovitch 
particularly valued — 'look favourably on the duel ; but what 
result is attained by it? Suppose I call him out.' Alexey 
Alexandrovitch went on to himself, and vividly picturing the 
night he would spend after the challenge, and the pistol 
aimed at him, he shuddered, and knew that he never would 
do it — 'suppose I call him out. Suppose I am taught,' he 
went on musing, 'to shoot ; I press the trigger," he said to 
himself, closing his eyes, "and it turns out I have killed 
him/ Alexey Alexandrovitch said to himself, and he shook 
his head as though to dispel such silly ideas. 'What sense is 
there in murdering a man in order to define one's relation 
to a guilty wife and son? I should still just as much have 
to decide what I ought to do with her. But what is more 
probable and what would doubtless occur — I should be killed 
or wounded. I, the innocent person, should be the victim — 
killed or wounded. It's even more senseless. But apart 
from that, a challenge to fight would be an act hardly hon- 
est on my side. Don't I know perfectly well that my friends 
would never allow me to fight a duel — would never allow 
the life of a statesman, needed by Russia, to be exposed 
to danger? Knowing perfectly well beforehand that the 
matter would never come to real danger, it would amount 
to my simply trying to gain a certain sham reputation by 
such a challenge. That would be dishonest, that would be 
false, that would be deceiving myself and others. A duel 
is quite irrational, and no one expects it of me. My aim 
is simply to safeguard my reputation, which is essential for 
the uninterrupted pursuit of my public duties.' Official 
duties, which had always been of great consequence in 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's eyes, seemed of special impor- 
tance to his mind at this moment. Considering and reject- 
ing the duel, Alexey Alexandrovitch turned to divorce — 
another solution selected by several of the husbands he 
remembered. Passing in mental review all the instances 
he knew of divorces (there were plenty of them in the 
very highest society with which he was very familiar), 
Alexey Alexandrovitch could not find a single example in 



ANNA KARENIN 373 

which the object of divorce was that which he had in view. 
In all these instances the husband had practically ceded or 
sold his unfaithful wife, and the very party which, being 
in fault, had not the right to contract a fresh marriage, 
had formed counterfeit, pseudo-matrimonial ties with a self- 
styled husband. In his own case, Alexey Alexandrovitch 
saw that a legal divorce, that is to say, one in which only 
the guilty wife would be repudiated, was impossible of 
attainment. He saw that the complex conditions of the life 
they led made the coarse proofs of his wife's guilt, required 
by the law, out of the question ; he saw that a certain refine- 
ment in that life would not admit of such proofs being 
brought forward, even if he had them, and that to bring 
forward such proofs would damage him in the public esti- 
mation more than it would her. 

An attempt at divorce could lead to nothing but a public 
scandal, which would be a perfect godsend to his enemies for 
calumny and attacks on his high position in society. His 
chief object, to define the position with the least amount of 
disturbance possible, would not be attained by divorce either. 
Moreover, in the event of divorce, or even of an attempt to 
obtain a divorce, it was obvious that the wife broke off all 
relations with the husband and threw in her lot with the 
lover. And in spite of the complete, as he supposed, con- 
tempt and indifference he now felt for his wife, at the bot- 
tom of his heart Alexey Alexandrovitch still had one feeling 
left in regard to her — a disinclination to see her free to 
throw in her lot with Vronsky, so that her crime would be 
to her advantage. The mere notion of this so exasperated 
Alexey Alexandrovitch, that directly it rose to his mind he 
groaned with inward agony, and got up and changed his 
place in the carriage, and for a long while after he sat with 
scowling brows, wrapping his numbed and bony legs in the 
fleecy rug. 

'Apart from formal divorce, one might still do like Kari- 
banov, Paskudin, and that good fellow Dram — that is, sepa- 
rate from one's wife,' he went on thinking, when he had 
regained his composure. But this step too presented the 
same drawback of public scandal as a divorce, and what was 
more, a separation, quite as much as a regular divorce, flung 



374 LEO TOLSTOY 

his wife into the arms of Vronsky. 'No, it's out of the 
question, out of the question !' he said again, twisting his 
rug about him again. 'I cannot be unhappy, but neither 
she nor he ought to be happy.' 

The feeling of jealousy, which had tortured him during 
the period of uncertainty, had passed away at the instant 
when the tooth had been with agony extracted by his 
wife's words. But that feeling had been replaced by 
another, the desire, not merely that she should not be tri- 
umphant, but that she should get due punishment for her 
crime. He did not acknowledge this feeling, but at the 
bottom of his heart he longed for her to suffer for having 
destroyed his peace of mind — his honour. And going once 
again over the conditions inseparable from a duel, a divorce, 
a separation, and once again rejecting them, Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch felt convinced that there was only one solution, — 
to keep her with him, concealing what had happened from 
the world, and using every measure in his power to break 
off the intrigue, and still more — though this he did not 
admit to himself — to punish her. 'I must inform her of my 
conclusion, that thinking over the terrible position in which 
she has placed her family, all other solutions will be worse 
for both sides than an external status quo, and that such I 
agree to retain, on the strict condition of obedience on her 
part to my wishes, that is to say, cessation of all inter- 
course with her lover.' When this decision had been finally 
adopted, another weighty consideration occurred to Alexey 
Alexandrovitch in support of it. By such a course only 
shall I be acting in accordance with the dictates of religion,' 
he told himself. 'In adopting this course, I am not casting 
off a guilty wife, but giving her a chance of amendment ; 
and, indeed, difficult as the task will be to me, I shall devote 
part of my energies to her reformation and salvation.' 

Though Alexey Alexandrovitch was perfectly aware that 
he could not exert any moral influence over his wife, that 
such an attempt at reformation could lead to nothing but 
falsity ; though in passing through these difficult moments 
he had not once thought of seeking guidance in religion, yet 
now, when his conclusion corresponded, as it seemed to him, 
with the requirements of religion, this religious sanction to 



ANNA KARENIN 375 

his decision gave him complete satisfaction, and to some 
extent restored his peace of mind. He was pleased to think 
that, even in such an important crisis in life, no one would 
be able to say that he had not acted in accordance with the 
principles of that religion whose banner he had always held 
aloft amid the general coolness and indifference. As he 
pondered over subsequent developments, Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch did not see, indeed, why his relations with his wife 
should not remain practically the same as before. No doubt, 
she could never regain his esteem, but there was not, and 
there could not be, any sort of reason that his existence 
should be troubled, and that he should suffer because she 
was a bad and faithless wife. 'Yes, time will pass, time, 
which arranges all things, and the old relations will be 
re-established,' Alexey Alexandrovitch told himself; 'so far 
re-established, that is. that I shall not be sensible of a 
break in the continuity of my life. She is bound to be 
unhappy, but I am not to blame, and so I cannot be unhappy.' 



CHAPTER XIV 

AS he neared Petersburg, Alexey Alexandrovitch not only 
l\ adhered entirely to his decision, but was even com- 
-*--^ posing in his head the letter he would write to his 
wife. Going into the porter's room, Alexey Alexandrovitch 
glanced at the letters and papers brought from his office, and 
directed that they should be brought to him in his study. 

'The horses can be taken out and I will see no one,' he 
said in answer to the porter, with a certain pleasure, indic- 
ative of his agreeable frame of mind, emphasising the 
words, 'see no one.' 

In his study Alexey Alexandrovitch walked up and down 
twice, and stopped at an immense writing-table, on which 
six candles had already been lighted by the valet who had 
preceded him. He cracked his knuckles, and sat down, sort- 
ing out his writing appurtenances. Putting his elbows 
on the table, he bent his head on one side, thought a minutC; 
and began to write, without pausing for a second. He 
wrote without using any form of address to her, and wrote 
in French, making use of the plural 'vons' which has not 
the same note of coldness as the corresponding Russian form. 

'At our last conversation, I notified you of my intention to com- 
municate to you my decision in regard to the subject of that con- 
versation. Having carefully considered everything, I am writing 
now with the object of fulfilling that promise. My decision is as 
follows. Whatever your conduct may have been, I do not consider 
myself justified in breaking the ties in which we are bound by a 
Higher Power. The family cannot be broken up by a whim, a 
caprice, or even by the sin of one of the partners in the marriage, 
and our life must go on as it has done in the past. This is essential 
for me, for you. and for our son. I am fully persuaded that you 
have repented and do repent of what has called forth the present 
letter, and that you will co-operate with me in eradicating the cause 
of our estrangement, and forgetting the past. In the contrary event, 
you can conjecture what awaits you and your son. All this I hope 
to discuss more in detail in a personal interview. As the season is 
drawing to a close, 1 would beg you to return to Petersburg as 

376 



ANNA KARENIN 377 

quickly as possible, not later than Tuesday. All necessary prepara- 
tions shall be made for your arrival here. I beg you to note that I 
attach particular significance to compliance with this request. 

A. Karenin. 
P. S. — I enclose the money which may be needed for your 
expenses.' 

He read the letter through and felt pleased with it, and 
especially that he had remembered to enclose money; there 
was not a harsh word, not a reproach in it, nor was there 
undue indulgence. INIost of all, it was a golden bridge for 
return. Folding the letter and smoothing it with a massive 
ivory knife, and putting it in an envelope with the money, he 
rang the bell with the gratification it always afforded him 
to use the well-arranged appointments of his writing-table. 

'Give this to the courier to be delivered to Anna Arka- 
dyevna to-morrow at the summer villa,' he said, getting up. 

'Certainly, your excellency; tea to be served in the 
study ?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch ordered tea to be brought to the 
study, and playing with the massive paper-knife, he moved 
to his easy-chair, near which there had been placed ready 
for him a lamp and the French work on Egyptian hiero- 
glyphics that he had begun. Over the easy-chair there hung 
in a gold frame an oval portrait of Anna, a fine painting by 
a celebrated artist. Alexey Alexandrovitch glanced at it. 
The unfathomable eyes gazed ironically and insolently at 
him. Insufferably insolent and challenging was the effect 
in Alexey Alexandrovitch's eyes of the black lace about the 
head, admirably touched in by the painter, the black hair 
and handsome white hand with one finger lifted, covered 
with rings. After looking at the portrait for a minute, 
Alexey Alexandrovitch shuddered so that his lips quivered 
and he uttered the sound 'brrr,' and turned away. He made 
haste to sit down in his easy-chair and opened the book. 
He tried to read, but he could not revive the very vivid inter- 
est he had felt before in Egyptian hieroglyphics. He looked 
at the book and thought of something else. He thought not 
of his wife, but of a complication that had arisen in his offi- 
cial life, which at the time constituted the chief interest of it. 
He felt that he had penetrated more deeply than ever before 



378 LEO TOLSTOY 

into this intricate affair, and that he had originated a lead- 
ing idea — he could say it without self -flattery — calculated 
to clear up the whole business, to strengthen him in his 
official career, to discomfit his enemies, and thereby to be of 
the greatest benefit to the government. Directly the servant 
had set the tea and left the room, Alexey Alcxandrovitch 
got up and went to the writing-table. Moving into the 
middle of the table a portfolio of papers, with a scarcely 
perceptible smile of self-satisfaction, he took a pencil from 
a rack and plunged into the perusal of a complex report 
relating to the present complication. The complication was 
of this nature : Alexey Alexandrovitch's characteristic qual- 
ity as a politician, that special individual qualification that 
every rising functionary possesses, the qualification that with 
his unflagging ambition, his reserve, his honesty, and his 
self-confidence had made his career, was his contempt for 
red tape, his cutting down of correspondence, his direct con- 
tact, wherever possible, with the living fact, and his economy. 
It happened that the famous Commission of the 2nd of June 
had set on foot an inquiry into the irrigation of lands in the 
Zaraisky province, which fell under Alexey Alexandrovitch's 
department, and was a glaring example of fruitless expendi- 
ture and paper reforms. Alexey Alcxandrovitch was aware 
of the truth of this. The irrigation of these lands in the 
Zaraisky province had been initiated by the predecessor 
of Alexey Alexandrovitch's predecessor. And vast sums 
of money had actually been spent and were still being spent 
on this business, and utterly unproductively, and the whole 
business could obviously lead to nothing whatever. Alexey 
Alcxandrovitch had perceived this at once on entering office, 
and would have liked to lay hands on the Board of Irriga- 
tion. But at first when he did not feel secure in his position, 
he knew it would afifect too many interests, and would be 
injudicious. Later on he had been engrossed in other ques- 
tions, and had simply forgotten the Board of Irrigation. 
It went of itself, like all such boards, by the mere force of 
inertia. (Many people gained their livelihood by the Board 
of Irrigation, especially one highly conscientious and musical 
family: all the daughters played on stringed instruments, 
and Alexey Alcxandrovitch knew the family and had stood 



ANNA KARENIN 379 

godfather to one of the elder daughters.) The raising of 
this question by a hostile department was in Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch's opinion a dishonourable proceeding, seeing that in 
every department there were things similar and worse, which 
no one inquired into, for well-known reasons of official 
etiquette. However, now that the glove had been thrown 
down to him, he had boldly picked it up and demanded the 
appointment of a special commission to investigate and verify 
the working of the Board of Irrigation of the laiwls in the 
Zaraisky province. But in compensation he gave no 
quarter to the enemy either. He demanded the appointment 
of another special commission to inquire into the question 
of the Native Tribes Organisation Committee. The ques- 
tion of the Native Tribes had been brought up incidentally 
in the Commission of the 2nd of June, and had been pressed 
forward actively by Alexey Alexandrovitch as one admit- 
ting of no delay on account of the deplorable condition of 
the native tribes. In the commission this question had been 
a ground of contention between several departments. The 
department hostile to Alexey Alexandrovitch proved that 
the condition of the native tribes was exceedingly flourish- 
ing, that the proposed reconstruction might be the ruin of 
their prosperity, and that if there were anything wrong, it 
arose mainly from the failure on the part of Alexey Alex- 
androvitch's department to carry out the measures pre- 
scribed by law. Now Alexey Alexandrovitch intended to 
demand : First, that a new commission should be formed 
which should be empowered to investigate the condition of 
the native tribes on the spot; secondly, if it should appear 
that the condition of the native tribes actually was such as it 
appeared to be from the official documents in the hands of 
the committee, that another new scientific commission should 
be appointed to investigate the deplorable condition of the 
native tribes from the — (i) political, (2) administrative, 
(3) economic, (4) ethnographical, (5) material, and (6) 
religious points of view; thirdly, that evidence should be 
required from the rival department of the measures that had 
been taken during the last ten years by that department 
for averting the disastrous conditions in which the native 
tribes were now placed; and fourthly and finally, that that 



380 LEO TOLSTOY 

department be asked to explain why it had, as appeared from 
the evidence before the committee, from No. 17,015 and 
18,308, from December 5, 1863 and June 7, 1864, acted in 
direct contravention of the intention of the law T . . . Act 
18, and the note to Act 36. A flash of eagerness suffused the 
face of Alexcy Alexandrovitch as he rapidly wrote out a 
synopsis of these ideas for his own benefit. Having filled 
a sheet of paper, he got up, rang, and sent a note to the chief 
secretary of his department to look up certain necessary 
facts for him. Getting up and walking about the room, he 
glanced again at the portrait, frowned and smiled contemptu- 
ously. After reading a little more of the book on Egyptian 
hieroglyphics, and renewing his interest in it, Alexey Alex- 
androvitch went to bed at eleven o'clock, and recollecting as 
he lay in bed the incident with his wife, he saw it now in 
by no means such a gloomy light. 



CHAPTER XV 

THOUGH Anna had obstinately and with exasperation 
contradicted Vronsky when he told her their position 
was impossible, at the bottom of her heart she regarded 
her own position as false and dishonourable, and she longed 
with her whole soul to change it. On the way home from 
the races she had told her husband the truth in a moment 
of excitement, and in spite of the agony she had suffered 
in doing so, she was glad of it. After her husband had 
left her, she told herself that she was glad, that now every- 
thing was made clear, and at least there would be no more 
lying and deception. It seemed to her beyond doubt that 
her position was now made clear for ever. It might be bad, 
this new position, but it would be clear ; there would be 
no indefiniteness or falsehood about it. The pain she had 
caused herself and her husband in uttering those words 
would be rewarded now by everything being made clear, 
she thought. That evening she saw Vronsky, but she did 
not tell him of what had passed between her and her hus- 
band, though, to make the position definite, it was neces- 
sary to tell him. 

When she woke up next morning the first thing that rose 
to her mind was what she had said to her husband, and those 
words seemed to her so awful that she could not conceive 
now how she could have brought herself to utter those 
strange, coarse words, and could not imagine what would 
come of it. But the words were spoken, and Alexey Alex- 
androvitch had gone away without saying anything. 'I saw 
Vronsky and did not tell him. At the very instant he was 
going away I would have turned him back and told him, but 
I changed my mind, because it was strange that I had not 
told him the first minute. Why was it I wanted to tell him 
and did not tell him?' And in answer to this question a 
burning blush of shame spread over her face. She knew 
what had kept her from it; she knew that she had been 

381 



382 I.EO TOLSTOY 

ashamed. Her position, which had seemed to her simpHfied 
the night before, suddenly struck her now as not only not 
simple, but as absolutely hopeless. She felt terrified at the 
disgrace, of which she had not even thought before. Directly 
she thought of what her husband would do, the most terrible 
ideas came to her mind. She had a vision of being turned 
out of the house, of her shame being proclaimed to all the 
world. She asked herself where she should go when she 
was turned out of the house, and she could not find an 
answer. 

When she thought of Vronsky, it seemed to her that he 
did not love her. that he was already beginning to be tired of 
her, that she could not offer herself to him, and she felt 
bitter against him for it. It seemed to her that the words 
that she had spoken to her husband, and had continually 
repeated in her imagination, she had said to every one, and 
every one had heard them. She could not bring herself to 
look those of her own household in the face. She could 
not bring herself to call her maid, and still less to go down- 
stairs and see her son and his governess. 

The maid, who had been listening at her door for a long 
while, came into her room of her own accord. Anna glanced 
inquiringly into her face, and blushed with a scared look. 
The maid begged her pardon for coming in, saying that she 
had fancied the bell rang. She brought her clothes and a 
note. The note was from Betsy. Betsy reminded her that 
Liza Merkalov and Baroness Shtoltz were coming to play 
croquet with her that morning with their adorers, Kaluzhsky 
and old Stremov. 'Come, if only as a study in morals. I 
shall expect you,' she finished. 

Anna read the note and heaved a deep sigh. 

'Nothing, I need nothing,' she said to Annushka, who 
was rearranging the bottles and brushes on the dressing- 
table, 'You can go. I'll dress at once and come down. I 
need nothing.' 

Annushka went out, but Anna did not begin dressing, and 
sat in the same position, her head and hands hanging list- 
lessly, and every now and then she shivered all over, seemed 
as though she would make some gesture, utter some word, 
and sank back into lifelessness again. She repeated con- 



ANNA KARENIN 383 

tinually, 'My God ! my God !' But neither 'God' nor 'my' 
had any meaning to her. The idea of seeking help in her 
difficulty in religion was as remote from her as seeking help 
from Alexey Alexandrovitch himself, although she had 
never had doubts of the faith in which she had been brought 
up. She knew that the support of religion was possible only 
upon condition of renouncing what made up for her the 
whole meaning of life. She was not simply miserable, she 
began to feel alarm at the new spiritual condition, never 
experienced before, in which she found herself. She felt 
as though everything were beginning to be double in her 
soul, just as objects sometimes appear double to over-tired 
eyes. She hardly knew at times what it was she feared, 
and what she hoped for. Whether she feared or desired 
what had happened, or what was going to happen, and 
exactly what she longed for, she could not have said. 

'Ah, what am I doing !' she said to herself, feeling a sud- 
den thrill of pain in both sides of her head. When she 
came to herself, she saw that she was holding her hair in 
both hands, each side of her temples, and pulling it. She 
jumped up, and began walking about. 

'The coffee is ready, and mademoiselle and Seryozha are 
waiting,' said Annushka, coming back again and finding Anna 
in the same position. 

'Seryozha? What about Seryozha?' Anna asked, with 
sudden eagerness, recollecting her son's existence for the 
first time that morning. 

'He's been naughty, I think,' answered Annushka with a 
smile. 

'In what way?' 

'Some peaches were lying on the table in the corner room. 
I think he slipped in and ate one of them on the sly.' 

The recollection of her son suddenly roused Anna from the 
helpless condition in which she found herself. She recalled 
the partly sincere, though greatly exaggerated, role of the 
mother living for her child, which she had taken up of late 
years, and she felt with joy that in the plight in which she 
found herself she had a support, quite apart from her rela- 
tion to her husband or to Vronsky. This support was her 
son. In whatever position she might be placed, she could 



384 LEO TOLSTOY 

not lose her son. Her husband might put her to shame and 
turn her out, Vronsky might grow cold to her and go on 
living his own life apart (she thought of him again with 
bitterness and reproach) ; she could not leave her son. She 
had an aim in life. And she must act; act to secure this 
relation to her son, so that he might not be taken from her. 
Quickly indeed, as quickly as possible, she must take action 
before he was taken from her. She must take her son and 
go away. Here was the one thing she had to do now. 
She needed consolation. She must be calm, and get out of 
this insufferable position. The thought of immediate action 
binding her to her son, of going away somewhere with him, 
gave her this consolation. 

She dressed quickly, went downstairs, and with resolute 
steps walked into the drawing-room, where she found, as 
usual, waiting for her, the cofifee, Seryozha, and his gov- 
erness. Seryozha, all in white, with his back and head bent, 
was standing at a table under a looking-glass, and with an 
expression of intense concentration which she knew well, and 
in* which he resembled his father, he was doing something 
to the flowers he carried. 

The governess had a particularly severe expression. 
Seryozha screamed shrilly, as he often did, 'Ah, mamma !' 
and stopped, hesitating whether to go to greet his mother 
and put down the flowers, or to finish making the wreath 
and go with the flowers. 

The governess, after saying good-morning, began a long 
and detailed account of Seryozha's naughtiness, but Anna 
did not hear her ; she was considering whether she would 
take her with her or not. 'No, I won't take her,' she decided. 
'I'll go alone with my child.' 

'Yes, it's very wrong,' said Anna, and taking her son by 
the shoulder she looked at him, not severely, but with a 
timid glance that bewildered and delighted the boy, and 
she kissed him. 'Leave him to me,' she said to the astonished 
governess, and not letting go of her son, she sat down at the 
table, where coffee was set ready for her. 

'Mamma ! I . . . I . . . didn't . . .' he said, trying to 
make out from her expression what was in store for him in 
regard to the peaches. 



ANNA KARENIX 385 

'Seryozha,' she said, as soon as the governess had left the 
room, 'that was wrong, but you'll never do it again, will you? 
. . . You love me ?' 

She felt that the tears were coming into her eyes. 'Can I 
help loving him?' she said to herself, looking deeply into his 
scared and at the same time delighted eyes. 'And can he 
ever join his father in punishing me? Is it possible he will 
not feel for me?' Tears were already flowing down her 
face, and to hide them she got up abruptly and almost ran 
out on to the terrace. 

After the thunder-showers of the last few days, cold, bright 
weather had set in. The air was cold in the bright sun that 
filtered through the freshly washed leaves. 

She shivered, both from the cold and from the inward 
horror which had clutched her with fresh force in the open 
air. 

'Run along, run along to Mariette,' she said to Seryozha, 
who had followed her out, and she began walking up and 
down on the straw matting of the terrace. 'Can it be that 
they won't forgive me, won't understand how it all couldn't 
be helped?' she said to herself. 

Standing still, and looking at the tops of the aspen-trees 
waving in the wind, with their freshly washed, brightly shin- 
ing leaves in the cold sunshine, she knew that they would 
not forgive her, that every one and everything would be 
merciless to her now as was that sky, that green. And again 
she felt that everything was split in two in her soul. 'I 
mustn't, mustn't think,' she said to herself. 'I must get ready. 
To go where? When? Whom to take with me? Yes, to 
Moscow by the evenng train. Annushka and Seryozha, and 
only the most necessary things. But first I must write to 
them both.' She went quickly indoors into her boudoir, sat 
down at the table, and wrote to her husband : — 'After what 
has happened, I cannot remain any longer in your house. 
I am going away, and taking my son with me. I don't know 
the law, and so I don't know with which of the parents the 
son should remain ; but I take him with me because I can- 
not live without him. Be generous, leave him me.' 

Up to this point she wrote rapidly and naturally, but the 
appeal to his generosity, a quality she did not recognise in 



386- LEO TOLSTOY 

him, and the necessity of winding up the letter with some- 
thing touching, pulled her up. 'Of my fault and my remorse 
I cannot speak, because . . .' 

She stopped again, finding no connection in her ideas. 
'No,' she said to herself, 'there's no need of anything,' and 
tearing up the letter she wrote it again, leaving out the 
allusion to generosity, and sealed it up. 

Another letter had to be written to Vronsky. 'I have told 
my husband,' she wrote, and she sat a long while unable 
to write more. It was so coarse, so unfeminine. 'And what 
more I am I to write to him?' she said to herself. Again a 
flush of shame spread over her face; she recalled his com- 
posure, and a feeling of anger against him impelled her to 
tear the sheet with the phrase she had written into tiny bits. 
'No need of anything,' she said to herself, and closing her 
blotting-case she went upstairs, told the governess and the 
servants that she was going that day to Moscow, and at once 
set to work to pack up her things. 



CHAPTER XVI 

A LL the rooms of the summer villa were full of porters, 
l\ gardeners, and footmen going to and fro carrying out 
-*--^ things. Cupboards and chests were open; twice they 
had sent to the shop for cord; pieces of newspaper were 
tossing about on the floor. Two trunks, some bags and 
strapped-up rugs, had been carried down into the hall. The 
carriage and two hired cabs were waiting at the steps. 
Anna, forgetting her inward agitation in the work of pack- 
ing, was standing at a table in her boudoir, packing her 
travelling-bag, when Annushka called her attention to the 
rattle of some carriage driving up. Anna looked out of 
window and saw Alexey Alexandrovitch's courier on the 
steps, ringing at the front door bell. 

'Run and find out what it is,' she said, and with a calm 
sense of being prepared for anylhing, she sat down in a 
low chair, folding her hands on her knees. A footman 
brought in a thick packet directed in Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch's hand. 

'The courier has orders to wait for an answer,' he said. 

'Very well,' she said, and as soon as he had left the room 
she tore open the letter with trembling fingers. A roll of 
unfolded notes done up in a wrapper fell out of it. She 
disengaged the letter and began reading it at the end. 'Prepa- 
rations shall be made for your arrival here. ... I attach 
particular significance to compliance . . .' she read. She 
ran on, then back, read it all through, and once more read 
the letter all through again from the beginning. When she 
had finished she felt that she was cold all over, and that 
a fearful calamity, such as she had not expected, had burst 
upon her. 

In the morning she had regretted that she had spoken to 
her husband, and wished for nothing so much as that those 
words could be unspoken. And here this letter regarded 
them as unspoken, and gave her what she had wanted. 

387 



388 LEO TOLSTOY 

But now this letter seemed to her more awful than anything 
she had been able to conceive. 

"He's right!' she said; 'of course, he's always right; he's 
a Christian, he's generous ! Yes, vile, base creature ! And 
no one understands it except me, and no one ever will ; and 
I can't explain it. They say he's so religious, so high-prin- 
cipled, so upright, so clever; but they don't see what I've 
seen. They don't know how he has crushed my life for 
eight years, crushed everything that was living in me — he 
has not once even thought that I'm a live woman who must 
have love. They don't know how at every step he's humili- 
ated me, and been just as pleased with himself. Haven't I 
striven, striven with all my strength, to find something to 
give meaning to my life? Haven't I struggled to love him, 
to love my son when I could not love my husband? But the 
time came when I knew that I couldn't cheat myself any 
longer, that I was alive, that I was not to blame, that God 
has made me so that I must love and live. And now what 
does he do? If he'd killed me, if he'd killed him, I could 
have borne anything, I could have forgiven anything; but 
no, he . . . How was it I didn't guess what he would do? 
He's doing just what's characteristic of his mean character. 
He'll keep himself in the right, while me, in my ruin, he'll 
drive still lower to worse ruin yet. . . .' 

She recalled the words from the letter. 'You can conjec- 
ture what awaits you and your son. . . .' 'That's a threat 
to take away my child, and most likely by their stupid law 
he can. But I know very well why he says it. He doesn't 
believe even in my love for my child, or he despises it (just 
as he always used to ridicule it). He despises that feeling 
in me, but he knows that I won't abandon my child, that I 
can't abandon my child, that there could be no life for me 
without my child, even with him whom I love; but that if I 
abandoned my child and ran away from him, I should be 
acting like the most infamous, basest of women. He knows 
that, and knows that I am incapable of doing that.' 

She recalled another sentence in the letter. 'Our life 
must go on as it has done in the past. . . .' 'That life was 
miserable enough in old days ; it has been awful of late. 
What will it be now? And he knows all that; he knows 



ANNA KARENIN 389 

that I can't repent that I breathe, that I love ; he knows 
that it can lead to nothing but lying and deceit ; but he 
wants to go on torturing me. I know him ; I know that he's 
at home and is happy in deceit, like a fish swimming in the 
water. No, I won't give him that happiness. I'll break 
through the spider-web of lies in which he wants to catch 
me, come what may. Anything's better than lying and deceit.' 

'But how? My God! my God! Was ever a woman so 
miserable as I am? . . .' 

No; I will break through it, I will break through it!' she 
cried, jumping up and keeping back her tears. And she 
went to the writing-table to write him another letter. But 
at the bottom of her heart she felt that she was not strong 
enough to break through anything, that she was not strong 
enough to get out of her old position, however false and 
dishonourable it might be. 

She sat down at the writing table, but instead of writing 
she clasped her hands on the table, and, laying her head on 
them, burst into tears, with sobs and heaving breast like a 
child crying. She was weeping that her dream of her posi- 
tion being made clear and definite had been annihilated for 
ever. She knew beforehand that everything would go on in 
the old way, and far worse indeed than in the old way. She 
felt that the position in the world that she enjoyed, and that 
had seemed to her of so little consequence in the morning, 
that this position was precious to her, that she would not 
have the strength to exchange it for the shameful position 
of a woman who has abandoned husband and child to join 
her lover ; that however much she might struggle, she could 
not be stronger than herself. She would never know free- 
dom in love, but would remain for ever a guilty wife, with 
the menace of detection hanging over her at every instant; 
deceiving her husband for the sake of a shameful connection 
with a man living apart and away from her, whose life she 
could never share. She knew that this was how it would 
be, and at the same time it was so awful that she could not 
even conceive what it would end in. And she cried without 
restraint, as children cry when they are punished. The sound 
of the footman's steps forced her to rouse herself, and, hid- 
ing her face from him, she pretended to be writing. 



390 LEO TOLSTOY 

'The courier asks if there's an answer/ the footman 
announced. 

'An answer? Yes,' said Anna. 'Let him wait. I'll ring.' 

"What can I write?' she thought. 'What can I decide 
upon alone ? What do I know ? What do I want ? What 
is there I care for ?' Again she felt that her soul was begin- 
ning to be split in two. She was terrified again at this 
feeling, and clutched at the first pretext for doing something 
which might divert her thoughts from herself. 'I ought to 
see Alexey" (so she called Vronsky in her thoughts) ; 'no one 
but he can tell me what I ought to do. I'll go to Betsy's, 
perhaps I shall see him there,' she said to herself, completely 
forgetting that when she had told him the day before that 
she was not going to Princess Tverskoy's, he had said that 
in that case he should not go either. She went up to the 
table, wrote to her husband, 'I have received your letter. — 
A.'; and, ringing the bell, gave it to the footman. 

'We are not going,' she said to Annushka, as she came in. 

'Not going at all ?' 

'No; don't unpack till to-morrow, and let the carriage wait. 
I'm going to the princess's.' 

"Which dress am I to get ready?' 



CHAPTER XVII 

THE croquet party to which the Princess Tverskoy had 
invited Anna was to consist of two ladies an(^ their 
adorers. These two ladies were the chief representa- 
tives of a select new Petersburg circle, nicknamed, in imita- 
tion of some imitation, Ics sept merveilles du monde. These 
ladies belonged to a circle which, though of the highest 
society, was utterly hostile to that in which Anna moved. 
Moreover, Stremov, one of the most influential people in 
Petersburg, and the elderly admirer of Liza Merkalov, was 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's enemy in the political world. From 
all these considerations Anna had not meant to go, and the 
hints in Princess Tverskoy's note referred to her refusal. 
But now Anna was eager to go, in the hope of seeing 
Vronsky. 

Anna arrived at Princess Tverskoy's earlier than the other 
guests. 

At the same moment as she entered, Vronsky's footman, 
with side-whiskers combed out like a kamnicr-yunkcr, went 
in too. He stopped at the door, and, taking off his cap, let 
her pass. Anna recognised him, and only then recalled that 
Vronsky had told her the day before that he would not come. 
Most likely he was sending a note to say so. 

As she took off her outer garment in the hall she heard 
the footman, pronouncing his Vs' even like a kammer- 
yimkcr, say, 'From the count for the princess.' and hand 
the note. 

She longed to question him as to where his master was. 
She longed to turn back and send him a letter to come and 
see her, or to go herself to see him. But neither the first 
nor the second nor the third course was possible. Already 
she heard bells ringing to announce her arrival ahead of 
her, and Princess Tverskoy's footman was standing at the 
open door waiting for her to go forward into the inner 
rooms. 

391 



392 LEO TOLSTOY 

'The princess is in the garden ; they will inform her im- 
mediately. Would you be pleased to walk into the garden?' 
announced another footman in another room. 

The position of uncertainty, of indecision, was still the 
same as at home — worse, in fact, since it was impossible to 
take any step, impossible to see Vronsky, and she had to 
remain here among outsiders, in company so uncongenial 
to her present mood. But she was wearing a dress that she 
knew suited her. She was not alone ; all around was that 
luxurious setting of idleness that she was used to, and she 
felt less wretched than at home. She was not forced to think 
what she was to do. Everything would be done of itself. 
On meeting Betsy coming towards her in a white gown 
that struck her by its elegance, Anna smiled to her just as 
she always did. 

Princess Tverskoy was walking with Tushkevitch and a 
young lady, a relation, who, to the great joy of her parents 
in the provinces, was spending the summer with the fashion- 
able princess. 

There was probably something unusual about Anna, for 
Betsy noticed it at once. 

T slept badly,' answered Anna, looking intently at the 
footman who came to meet them, and, as she supposed, 
brought Vronsky's note. 

'How glad I am you've come !' said Betsy. "I'm tired, and 
was just longing to have some tea before they come. You 
might go' — she turned to Tushkevitch — "with Masha, and try 
the croquet-ground over there where they've been cutting 
it. We shall have time to talk a little over tea ; we'll have 
a cozy chat, eh ?' she said in English to Anna, with a smile, 
pressing the hand with which she held a parasol. 

'Yes, especially as I can't stay very long with you. I'm 
forced to go on to old Madame Vrede. I've been promising 
to go for a century,' said Anna, to whom lying, alien as it 
was to her nature, had become not merely simple and natural 
in society, but a positive source of satisfaction. Why she 
said this, which she had not thought of a second before, she 
could not have explained. She had said it simply from the 
reflection that as Vronsky would not be here, she had better 
secure her own freedom, and try to see him somehow. But 



ANNA KARENIX 393 

why she had spoken of old Madame Vrede, whom she had to 
go and see, as she had to see many other people, she could 
not have explained ; and yet, as it afterwards turned out, 
had she contrived the most cunning devices to meet Vronsky, 
she could have thought of nothing better. 

*No, I'm not going to let you go for anything,' answered 
Betsy, looking intently into Anna's face. 'Really, if I were 
not fond of you, I should feel offended. One would think 
you were afraid my society would compromise you. Tea in 
the little dining-room, please,' she said, half closing her eyes, 
as she always did when addressing the footman. 

Taking the note from him, she read it. 

'Alexey's playing us false," she said in French ; 'he writes 
that he can't come,' she added in a tone as simple and natural 
as though it could never enter her head that Vronsky could 
mean anything more to Anna than a game of croquet. Anna 
knew that Betsy knew everything, but, hearing how she 
spoke of Vronsky before her, she almost felt persuaded for a 
minute that she knew nothing. 

'Ah !' said Anna indifferently, as though not greatly in- 
terested in the matter, and she went on smiling : 'How can 
you or your friends compromise any one?" 

This playing with words, this hiding of a secret, had a 
great fascination for Anna, as, indeed, it has for all women. 
And it was not the necessity of concealment, not the aim 
with which the concealment was contrived, but the process of 
concealment itself attracted her. 

'I can't be more Catholic than the Pope,' she said. 'Stremov 
and Liza Alerkalov, why, they're the cream of the cream 
of society. Besides, they're received everywhere, and /' — 
she laid special stress on the I — 'have never been strict and 
intolerant. It's simply that I haven't the time.' 

'No ; you don't care, perhaps, to meet Stremov ? Let him 
and Alexey Alexandrovitch tilt at each other in the com- 
mittee — that's no affair of ours. But in the world, he's the 
most amiable man I know, and a devoted croquet-player. 
You shall see. And, in spite of his absurd position as Liza's 
lovesick swain at his age, you ought to see how he carries 
oft" the absurd position. He's very nice. Sappho Shtoltz 
you don't know? Oh, that's a new type, quite new.' 

P-14 



394 LEO TOLSTOY 

Betsy said all this, and, at the same time, from her good- 
humoured, shrewd glance, Anna felt that she partly guessed 
her plight, and was hatching something for her benefit. 
They were in the little boudoir. 

'I must write to Alexey though,' and Betsy sat down to 
the table, scribbled a few lines, and put the note in an 
envelope. 

'I'm telling him to come to dinner. I've one lady extra 
to dinner with me, and no man to take her in. Look what 
I've said, will that persuade him? Excuse me, I must leave 
you for a minute. Would you seal it up, please, and send it 
off ?' she said from the door ; 'I have to give some directions.' 

Without a moment's thought, Anna sat down to the table 
with Betsy's letter, and, without reading it, wrote below: 
'It's essential for me to see you. Come to the Vrede garden. 
I shall be there at six o'clock.' She sealed it up, and, Betsy 
coming back, in her presence handed the note to be taken. 

At tea, which was brought them on a little tea-table in the 
cool little drawing-room, the cosy chat promised by Princess 
Tverskoy before the arrival of her visitors really did come 
off between the two women. They criticised the people they 
were expecting, and the conversation fell upon Liza 
Merkalov. 

'She's very sweet, and I always liked her,' said Anna. 

'You ought to like her. She raves about you. Yesterday 
she came up to me after the races and was in despair at not 
finding you. She says you're a real heroine of romance, and 
that if she were a man she would do all sorts of mad things 
for your sake. Stremov says she does that as it is.' 

'But do tell me, please, I never could make it out,' said 
Anna, after being silent for some time, speaking in a tone 
that showed she was not asking an idle question, but what 
she was asking was of more importance to her than it should 
have been ; 'do tell me. please, what are her relations with 
Prince Kaluzhsky, Mishka, as he's called? I've met them so 
little. What does it mean?' 

Betsy smiled with her eyes, and looked intently at Anna. 

'It's a new manner,' she said. 'They've all adopted that 
manner. They've flung their caps over the windmills. But 
there are ways and ways of flinging them.' 



ANNA KARENIN 395 

'Yes, but what are her relations precisely with Kaluzhsky?' 

Betsy broke into unexpectedly mirthful and irrepressible 
laughter, a thing which rarely happened with her. 

"You're encroaching on Princess Myaky's special domain 
now. That's the question of an enfant terrible,' and Betsy 
obviously tried to restrain herself, but could not, and went 
off into peals of that infectious laughter that people laugh 
who do not laugh often. 'You'd better ask them,' she brought 
out, between tears of laughter. 

'No; you laugh,' said Anna, laughing too in spite of her- 
self, 'but I never could understand it. I can't understand the 
husband's role in it.' 

'The husband? Liza Merkalov's husband carries her 
shawl, and is always ready to be of use. But anything more 
than that in reality, no one cares to inquire. You know in 
decent society one doesn't talk or think even of certain details 
of the toilet. That's how it is with this.' 

'Will you be at Madame Rolandak's fete?' asked Anna, to 
change the conversation. 

'I don't think so,' answered Betsy, and, without looking at 
her friend, she began filling the little transparent cups with 
fragrant tea. Putting a cup before Anna, she took out a 
cigarette, and, fitting it into a silver holder, she lighted it. 

Tt's like this, you see: I'm in a fortunate position,' she 
began, quite serious now, as she took up her cup, 'I under- 
stand you, and I understand Liza. Liza now is one of those 
naive natures that, like children, don't know what's good and 
what's bad. Anyway, she didn't comprehend it when she was 
very young. And now she's aware that the lack of compre- 
hension suits her. Now, perhaps, she doesn't know on pur- 
pose,' said Betsy, with a subtle smile. 'But, anyway, it suits 
her. The very same thing, don't you see, may be looked at 
tragically, and turned into a misery, or it may be looked at 
simply and even humorously. Possibly you are inclined to 
look at things too tragically.' 

'How I should like to know other people just as I know 
myself !' said Anna, seriously and dreamily. 'Am I worse 
than other people, or better? I think I'm worse.' 

'Enfant terrible, enfant terrible!' repeated Betsy 'But 
here they are.' 



CHAPTER XVIII 

THEY heard the sound of steps and a man's voice, then 
a woman's voice and laughter, and immediately there- 
after there walked in the expected guests : Sappho 
Shtoltz, and a young man beaming with excess of health, the 
so-called Vaska. It was evident that ample supplies of beef- 
steak, truffles, and Burgundy never failed to reach him at 
the fitting hour. Vaska bowed to the two ladies, and glanced 
at them, but only for one second. He walked after Sappho 
into the drawing-room, and followed her about as though he 
were chained to her, keeping his sparkling eyes fixed on her 
as though he wanted to eat her. Sappho Shtoltz was a blonde 
beauty with black eyes. She walked with smart little steps 
in high-heeled shoes, and shook hands with the ladies vig- 
orously like a man. 

Anna had never met this new star of fashion, and was 
struck by her beauty, the exaggerated extreme to which her 
dress was carried, and the boldness of her manners. On her 
head there was such a superstructure of soft, golden hair — 
her own and false mixed — that her head was equal in size 
to the elegantly rounded bust, of which so much was exposed 
in front. The impulsive abruptness of her movements was 
such that at every step the lines of her knees and the upper 
part of her legs were distinctly marked under her dress, and 
the question involuntarily rose to the mind where in the 
undulating, piled-up mountain of material at the back the 
real body of the woman, so small and slender, so naked in 
front, and so hidden behind and below, really came to an 
end. 

Betsy made haste to introduce her to Anna. 

'Only fancy, we all but ran over two soldiers,' she began 
telling them at once, using her eyes, smiling and twitching 
away her tail, which she fiung back at one stroke all on one 
side. T drove here with Vaska. . . . Ah, to be sure, you 
don't know each other. And mentioning his surname she 

396 



ANNA KARENIN 397 

introduced the young man, and reddening a little, broke into 
a ringing laugh at her mistake — that is, at her having called 
him Vaska to a stranger. Vaska bowed once more to Anna, 
but he said nothing to her. He addressed Sappho: 'You've 
lost your bet. We got here first. Pay up,' said he, smiling. 

Sappho laughed still more festively. 

"Not just now,' said she. 

"Oh, all right, I'll have it later.' 

'Very well, very well. Oh yes.' She turned suddenly to 
Princess Betsy: "I am a nice person ... I positively forgot 
it . . . I've brought you a visitor. And here he comes.' 
The unexpected young visitor, whom Sappho had invited, and 
whom she had forgotten, was, however, a personage of such 
consequence that, in spite of his youth, both the ladies rose 
on his entrance. 

He was a new admirer of Sappho's. He now dogged her 
footsteps, like Vaska. 

Soon after Prince Kaluzhsky arrived, and Liza Merkalov 
with Stremov. Liza Merkalov was a thin brunette, with an 
Oriental, languid type of face, and — as every one used to 
say — exquisite enigmatic eyes. The tone of her dark dress 
(Anna immediately observed and appreciated the fact) 
was in perfect harmony with her style of beauty. Liza 
was as soft and enervated as Sappho was smart and 
abrupt. 

But to Anna's taste Liza was far more attractive. Betsy 
had said to Anna that she had adopted the pose of an inno- 
cent child, but when Anna saw her, she felt that this was 
tiot the truth. She really was both innocent and corrupt, but 
a sweet and passive woman. It is true that her tone was the 
same as Sappho's ; that like Sappho she had two men, one 
young and one old, tacked on to her, and devouring her with 
their eyes. But there was something in her higher than what 
surrounded her. There was in her the glow of the real 
diamond among glass imitations. This glow shone out in 
her exquisite, truly enigmatic eyes. The weary, and at the 
same time passionate, glance of those eyes, encircled by 
dark rings, impressed one by its perfect sincerity. Every 
one looking into those eyes fancied he knew her wholly, 
and knowing her, could not but love her. At the sight 



398 LEO TOLSTOY 

of Anna, her whole face lighted up at once with a smile of 
delight. 

'Ah, how glad I am to see you !' she said, going up to her. 
Yesterday at the races all I wanted was to get to you, but 
you'd gone away. I did so want to see you, yesterday 
especially. Wasn't it awful ?' she said, looking at Anna with 
eyes that seemed to lay bare all her soul. 

'Yes ; I had no idea it would be so thrilling,' said Anna, 
blushing. 

The company got up at this moment to go into the garden. 

'I'm not going,' said Liza, smiling and settling herself 
close to Anna. *You won't go either, will you ? Who wants 
to play croquet?' 

'Oh, I like it' said Anna. 

'There, how do you manage never to be bored by things? 
It's delightful to look at you. You're alive, but I'm bored.' 

'How can you be bored? Why, you live in the liveliest 
set in Petersburg,' said Anna. 

'Possibly the people who are not of our set are even more 
bored; but we — I certainly — are not happy, but awfully, 
awfully bored.' 

Sa])pho smoking a cigarette went off into the garden with 
the two young men. Betsy and Stremov remained at the 
tea-table. 

"What, bored!' said Betsy. 'Sappho says they did enjoy 
themselves tremendously at your house last night.' 

'Ah, how drea'ry it all was !' said Liza Merkalov. 'We all 
drove back to my place after the races. And always the same 
peo]jle, always all the same. Always the same thing. We 
lounged about on sofas all the evening. W^hat is there to 
enjoy in that? No; do tell me how you manage never to be 
bored?' she said, addressing Anna again. 'One has but to 
look at you and one sees, here's a woman who may be happy 
or unhappy, but isn't bored. Tell me how you do it ?' 

'I do nothing,' answered Anna, blushing at these searching 
questions. 

'That's the best way,' Stremov put in. Stremov was a man 
of fifty, partly grey, but still vigorous-looking, very ugly, but 
with a characteristic and intelligent face. Liza Merkalov was 
his wife's niece, and he spent all his leisure hours with her. 



ANNA KARENIN 399 

On meeting Anna Karenin, as he was Alexey Alexandovitch's 
enemy in the government, he tried, like a shrewd man and a 
man of the world, to be particularly cordial with her, the 
wife of his enemy. 

' "Nothing," ' he put in with a subtle smile, 'that's the 
very best way. I told you long ago,' he said, turning to 
Liza Merkalov, 'that if you don't want to be bored, you 
mustn't think you're boing to be bored. It's just as you 
mustn't be afraid of not being able to fall asleep, if you're 
afraid of sleeplessness. That's just what Anna Arkadyevna 
has just said.' 

'I should be very glad if I had said it, for it's not only 
clever but true,' said Anna, smiling. 

'No, do tell me why is it one can't go to sleep, and one can't 
help being bored?' 

'To sleep well one ought to work, and to enjoy oneself one 
ought to work too.' 

'What am I to work for when my work is no use to 
anybody ? And I can't and won't knowingly make a pretence 
about it.' 

'You're incorrigible,' said Stremov, not looking at her, and 
he spoke again to Anna. As he rarely met Anna, he could 
say nothing but commonplaces to her, but he said those 
commonplaces as to when she was returning to Petersburg, 
and how fond Countess Lidia Ivanovna was of her, with an 
expression which suggested that he longed with his whole 
soul to please her and show his regard for her and even more 
than that. 

Tushkevitch came in, announcing that the party were 
awaiting the other players to begin croquet. 

'No, don't go away, please don't,' pleaded Liza Merkalov, 
hearing that Anna was going. Stremov joined in her 
entreaties. 

'It's too violent a transition,' he said, 'to go from such 
company to old Madame Vrede. And besides, you will only 
give her a chance for talking scandal, while here you arouse 
none but such different feelings of the highest and most 
opposite kind,' he said to her. 

Anna pondered for an instant in uncertainty. This shrewd 
man's flattering words, the naive, child-like affection shown 



400 LEO TOLSTOY 

her by Liza Merkalov, and all the social atmosphere she 
was used to, — it was all so easy, and what was in store for 
her was so difficult, that she was for a minute in uncertainty 
whether to remain, whether to put off a little longer the 
painful moment of explanation. But remembering what 
was in store for her alone at home, if she did not come to 
some decision, remembering that gesture — terrible even in 
memory — when she had clutched her hair in both hands — 
she said good-bye and went away. 



CHAPTER XIX 

IN spite of Vronsky's apparently frivolous life in society, 
he was a man who hated irregularity. In early youth in 
the Corps of Pages, he had experienced the humiliation 
of a refusal, when he had tried, being in difficulties, to bor- 
row money, and since then he had never once put himself in 
the same position again. 

In order to keep his affairs in some sort of order, he used 
about five times a year (more or less frequently, according 
to circumstances) to shut himself up alone and put all his 
affairs into definite shape. This he used to call his day of 
reckoning of faire la Icssivc. 

On waking up the day after the races, Vronsky put on a 
white linen coat, and without shaving or taking his bath, he 
distributed about the table moneys, bills, and letters, and set 
to work. Petritsky, who knew he was ill-tempered on such 
occasions, on waking up and seeing his comrade at the 
w-riting-table, quietly dressed and went out without getting 
in his way. 

Every man, who knows to the minutest details all the com- 
plexity of the conditions surrounding him, cannot help 
imagining that the complexity of these conditions, and the 
difficulty of making them clear, is something exceptional and 
personal, peculiar to himself, and never supposes that others 
are surrounded by just as complicated an array of personal 
affairs as he is. So indeed it seemed to Vronsky. And not 
without inward pride, and not without reason, he thought 
that any other man would long ago have been in difficulties, 
and would have been forced to some dishonourable course, if 
he had found himself in such a difficult position. But 
Vronsky felt that now especially it was essential for him to- 
clear up and define his position if he were to avoid getting 
into difficulties. 

What Vronsky attacked first as being the easiest was his 
pecuniary position. Writing out on notepaper in his minute 

•101 



402 LEO TOLSTOY 

hand all that he owed, he added up the amount and found 
that his debts amounted to seventeen thousand and some odd 
hundreds, which he left out for the sake of clearness. Reck- 
oning up his money and his bank-book, he found that he had 
left one thousand eight hundred roubles, and nothing coming 
in before the New Year. Reckoning over again his list of 
debts, Vronsky copied it, dividing it into three classes. In 
the first class he put the debts which he would have to pay at 
once, or for which he must in any case have the money ready 
so that on demand for payment there could not be a moment's 
delay in paying. Such debts amounted to about four thou- 
sand : one thousand five hundred for a horse, and two thou- 
sand five hundred as surety for a young comrade, Venovsky, 
who had lost that sum to a cardsharper in Vronsky's 
presence. Vronsky had wanted to pay the money at the time 
(he had that amount then), but Venovsky and Yashvin had 
insisted that they would pay and not Vronsky, who had not 
played. That was so far w'ell, but Vronsky knew that in this 
dirty business, though his only share in it was undertaking 
by word of mouth to be surety for Venovsky, it was absolutely 
necessary for him to have the two thousand five hundred 
roubles so as to be able to fling it at the swindler, and have 
no more words with him. And so for this first and most 
important division he must have four thousand roubles. The 
second class — eight thousand roubles — consisted of less im- 
portant debts. These were principally accounts owing in 
connection with his race-horses, to the purveyor of oats and 
hay, the English saddler, and so on. He would have to pay 
some two thousand roubles on these debts too, in order to be 
quite free from anxiety. The last class of debts — to shops, 
to hotels, to his tailor — were such as need not be considered. 
So that he needed at least six thousand roubles for current 
expenses, and he only had one thousand eight hundred. For 
a man with one hundred thousand roubles of revenue, which 
was what every one fixed as Vronsky's income, such debts, 
'one would suppose could hardly be embarrassing ; but the fact 
was that he was far from having one hundred thousand. 
His father's immense property, which alone yielded a yearly 
income of two hundred thousand, was left undivided between 
the brothers. At the time when the elder brother, with a 



1 



ANNA KARENIN 408 

mass of debts, married Princess Varya Tchirkov, the daugh- 
ter of a Decembrist without any fortune whatever, Alexey 
had given up to his elder brother almost the whole income 
from his father's estate, reserving for himself only twenty- 
five thousand a year from it. Alexey had said at the time 
to his brother that that sum would be sufficient for him till he 
married, which he probably never would do. And his brother, 
who was in command of one of the most expensive regiments, 
and was only just married, could not decline the gift. His 
mother, who had her own separate property, had allowed 
Alexey every year twenty thousand in addition to the twenty- 
five thousand he had reserved, and Alexey had spent it all. 
Of late his mother, incensed with him on account of his love- 
affair and his leaving Moscow, had given up sending him the 
money. And in consequence of this, Vronsky, who had been 
in the habit of living on the scale of forty-five thousand a 
year, having only received twenty thousand that year, found 
himself now in difficulties. To get out of these difficulties, 
he could not apply to his mother for money. Her last letter, 
which he had received the day before, had particularly ex- 
asperated him by the hints in it that she was quite ready to 
help him succeed in the world and in the army, but not to lead 
a life which was a scandal to all good society. His mother's 
attempt to buy him stung him to the quick, and made him feel 
colder than ever to her. But he could not draw back from 
a generous word when it was once uttered, even though he 
felt now, vaguely foreseeing certain eventualities in his in- 
trigue with Madame Karenin, that this generous word had 
been spoken thoughtlessly, and that even though he were not 
married he might need all the hundred thousand of income. 
But it was impossible to draw back. He had only to recall 
his brother's wife, to remember how that sweet, delightful 
Varya sought, at every convenient opportunity to remind him 
that she remembered his generosity and appreciated it, to 
grasp the impossibility of taking back his gift. It was as 
impossible as beating a woman, stealing, or lying. One thing 
only could and ought to be done, and Vronsky determined 
upon it without an instant's hesitation : to borrow money 
from a money-lender, ten thousand roubles, a proceeding 
which presented no difficulty, to cut down his expenses gen- 



404 LEO TOLSTOY 

erally, and to sell his race-horses. Resolving on this, he 
promptly wrote a note to Rolandak, who had more than once 
sent to him wath offers to buy horses from him. Then he 
sent for the Englishman and the money-lender, and divided 
what money he had according to the accounts he intended to 
pay. Having finished this business, he wrote a cold and 
cutting answer to his mother. Then he took out of his note- 
book three notes of Anna's, read them again, burned them, 
and remembering their conversation on the previous day, 
he sank into meditation. 



CHAPTER XX 

VRONSKY'S life was particularly happy in that he had 
a code of principles, which defined with unfailing 
certitude what he ought and what he ought not to do. 
This code of principles covered only a very small circle of 
contingencies, but then the principles were never doubtful, 
and Vronsky. as he never went outside that circle, had never 
had a moment's hesitation about doing what he ought to do. 
These principles laid down as invariable rules : that one must 
pay a cardsharper, but need not pay a tailor ; that one must 
never tell a lie to a man, but one may to a woman ; that one 
must never cheat any one, but one may a husband ; that one 
must never pardon an insult, but one may give one and so on. 
These principles were possibly not reasonable and not good, 
but they were of unfailing certainty, and as long as he ad- 
hered to them, Vronsky felt that his heart was at peace and 
he could hold his head up. Only quite lately in regard to his 
relations with Anna, Vronsky had begun to feel that his code 
of principles did not fully cover all possible contingencies, 
and to foresee in the future difficulties and perplexities for 
which he could find no guiding clue. 

His present relation to Anna and to her husband was 
to his mind clear and simple. It was clearly and pre- 
cisely defined in the code of principles by which he was 
guided. 

She was an honourable woman who had bestowed her love 
upon him, and he loved her, and therefore she was in his eyes 
a woman who had a right to the same, or even more, respect 
than a lawful wife. He would have had his hand chopped 
off before he would have allowed himself by a word, by a 
hint, to humiliate her, or even to fall short of the fullest 
respect a woman could look for. 

His attitude to society, too, was clear. Every one might 
know, might suspect it, but no one might dare to speak of it. 
H any did so, he was ready to force all who might speak to 

405 



406 I.EO TOLSTOY 

be silent and to respect the non-existent honour of the woman 
he loved. 

His attitude to the husband was the clearest of all. From 
the moment that Anna loved Vronsky, he had regarded 
his own right over her as the one thing unassailable. Her 
husband was simply a superfluous and tiresome person. No 
doubt he was in a pitiable position, but how could that be 
helped? The one thing the husband had a right to was to 
demand satisfaction with a weapon in his hand, and Vronsky 
was prepared for this at any minute. 

But of late new inner relations had arisen between him and 
her, which frightened Vronsky by their indefiniteness. Only 
the day before she had told him that she was with child. And 
he felt that this fact and what she expected of him called for 
something not fully defined in that code of principles by which 
he had hitherto steered his course in life. And he had been 
indeed caught unawares, and at the first moment when she 
spoke to him of her position, his heart had prompted him to 
beg her to leave her husband. He had said that, but now 
thinking things over he saw clearly that it would be better to 
manage to avoid that ; and at the same time, as he told him- 
self so, he was afraid whether it was not wrong. 

'If I told her to leave her husband, that must mean uniting 
her life with mine: am I prepared for that? How can I take 
her away now, when I have no money ? Supposing I could 
arrange . . . But how can I take her away while I'm in the 
service? If I say that — I ought to be prepared to do it, 
that is, I ought to have the money and to retire from the 
army.' 

And he grew thoughtful. The question whether to retire 
from the service or not brought him to the other and perhaps 
the chief though hidden interest of his life, of which none 
knew but he. 

Ambition was the old dream of his youth and childhood, a 
dream which he did not confess even to himself, though it 
was so strong that now this passion was even doing battle 
with his love. His first steps in the world and in the service 
had been successful, but two years before he had made a 
great mistake. Anxious to show his independence and to 
advance, he had refused a post that had been offered him, 



ANNA KARENIN 407 

hoping that this refusal would heighten his value ; but it 
turned out that he had been too bold, and he was passed 
over. 

And having, whether he liked or not, taken up for him- 
self the position of an independent man, he carried it off 
with great tact and good sense, behaving as though he bore 
no grudge against any one, did not regard himself as injured 
in any way, and cared for nothing but to be left alone since 
he was enjoying himself. In reality he had ceased to enjoy 
himself as long ago as the year before, when he went away 
to Moscow. He felt that this independent attitude of a man 
who might have done anything, but cared to do nothing, was 
already beginning to pall, that many people were beginning 
to fancy that he was not really capable of anything but 
being a straightforward, good-natured fellow. His connec- 
tion with Madame Karenin, by creating so much sensation 
and attracting general attention, had given him a fresh dis- 
tinction which soothed his gnawing worm of ambition for a 
while, but a .week before that worm had been roused up 
again with fresh force. The friend of his childhood, a man 
of the same set, of the same coterie, his comrade in the Corps 
of Pages, Serpuhovskoy, who had left school with him and had 
been his rival in class, in gymnastics, in their scrapes and 
their dreams of glory, had come back a few days before from 
Central Asia, where he had gained two steps up in rank, and 
an order rarely bestowed upon generals so young. 

As soon as he arrived in Petersburg, people began to talk 
about him as a newly risen star of the first magnitude. A 
schoolfellow of Vronsky's and of the same age, he was a 
general and was expecting a command, which might have 
influence on the course of political events ; while Vronsky. 
independent and brilliant and beloved by a charming woman 
though he was, was simply a cavalry captain who was readily 
allowed to be as independent as ever he liked. 'Of course I 
don't envy Serpuhovskoy and never could envy him ; but his 
advancement shows me that one has only to watch one's 
opportunity, and the career of a man like me may be very 
rapidly made. Three years ago he was in just the same posi- 
tion as I am. HI retire, I burn my ships. If I remain in the 
army, I lose nothing. She said herself she did not wish to 



408 LEO TOLSTOY 

change her position. And with her love I cannot feel envious 
of Serpuhovskoy.' And slowly twirling his moustaches, he 
got up from the table and walked about the room. His eyes 
shone particularly brightly, and he felt in that confident, 
calm, and happy frame of mind which always came after he 
had thoroughly faced his position. Everything was straight 
and clear, just as after former days of reckoning. He shaved, 
took a cold bath, dressed and went out. 



CHAPTER XXI 

I'VE come to fetch you. Your leisure lasted a good time 
to-day,' said Petritsky. 'Well, is it over?' 
'It is over,' answered Vronsky, smiling with his eyes 
only, and twirling the tips of his moustaches as circumspectly 
as though after the perfect order into which his affairs 
had been brought any over-bold or rapid movement might 
disturb it. 

'You're always just as if you'd come out of a bath after 
it,' said Petritsky. 'I've come from Gritsky's' (that was what 
they called the colonel) ; 'they're expecting you.' 

Vronsky, without answering, looked at his comrade, think- 
ing of something else. 

'Yes; is that music at his place?' he said, listening to the 
familiar sounds of polkas and waltzes floating across to him. 
'What's the fete?' 

'Serpuhovskoy's come.* 

'Aha !' said Vronsky, 'why, I didn't know.' 

The smile in his eyes gleamed more brightly than ever. 

Having once made up his mind that he was happy in his 
love, that he sacrificed his ambition to it — having anyway 
taken up this position, Vronsky was incapable of feeling 
either envious of Serpuhovskoy or hurt with him for not 
coming first to him when he came to the regiment. Serpu- 
hovskoy was a good friend, and he was delighted he had 
come. 

'Ah, I'm very glad !' 

The colonel, Demin, had taken a large country house. 
The whole party were in the wide lower balcony. In the 
courtyard the first objects that met Vronsky's eyes were a 
band of singers in white linen coats, standing near a barrel of 
vodka, and the robust, good-humoured figure of the colonel 
surrounded by officers. He had gone out as far as the first 
step of the balcony and was loudly shouting across the band 



410 LEO TOLSTOY 

that played Offenbach's quadrille, waving his arms and giving 
some orders to a few soldiers standing on one side. A group 
of soldiers, a quartermaster, and several subalterns came up 
to the balcony with Vronsky. The colonel returned to the 
table, went out again on to the steps with a tumbler in his 
hand, and proposed the toast, 'To the health of our former 
comrade, the gallant general. Prince Serpuhovskoy. Hurrah !' 

The colonel was followed by Serpuhovskoy, who came 
out on to the steps smiling, with a glass in his hand. 

'You always get younger, Bondarenko,' he said to the rosy- 
cheeked, smart-looking quartermaster, standing just before 
him, still youngish-looking though doing his second term of 
service. 

It was three years since Vronsky had seen Serpuhovskoy. 
He looked more robust, had let his whiskers grow, but was 
still the same graceful creature, whose face and figure were 
even more striking from their softness and nobility than their 
beauty. The only change Vronsky detected in him was that 
subdued, continual radiance of beaming content which settles 
on the faces of men who are successful and are sure of the 
recognition of their success by every one. Vronsky knew 
that radiant air, and immediately observed it in Serpuhovskoy. 

As Serpuhovskoy came down the steps he saw Vronsky. A 
smile of pleasure lighted up his face. He tossed his head 
upwards and waved the glass in his hand, greeting Vronsky, 
and showing him by the gesture that he could not come to 
him before the quartermaster, who stood craning forward 
his lips ready to be kissed. 

'Here he is !' shouted the colonel. 'Yashvin told me you 
were in one of your gloomy tempers.' 

Serpuhovskoy kissed the moist, fresh lips of the gallant- 
looking quartermaster, and wiping his mouth with his hand- 
kerchief, went up to Vronsky. 

'How glad I am !' he said squeezing his hand and drawing 
him on one side. 

'You look after him,' the colonel shouted to Yashvin, 
pointing to Vronsky; and he went down below to the 
soldiers. 

'Why weren't you at the races yesterday? I expected to 
see you there,' said Vronsky, scrutinising Serpuhovskoy. 



ANNA KARENIN 411 

'I did go, but late. I beg your pardon,' he added, and he 
turned to the adjutant: *Please have this divided from me. 
each man as much as it runs to.' And he hurriedly took 
notes for three hundred roubles from his pocket-book, blush- 
ing a little. 

'Vronsky ! Have anything to eat or drink ?' asked Yashvin. 
'Hi, something for the count to eat ! Ah, here it is : have a 
glass !' 

The fete at the colonel's lastejd a long while. There was a 
great deal of drinking. They tossed Serpuhovskoy in the air 
and caught him again several times. Then they did the same 
to the colonel. Then, to the accompaniment of the band, the 
colonel himself danced with Petritsky. Then the colonel, 
who began to show signs of feebleness, sat down on a bench 
in the courtyard and began demonstrating to Yashvin the 
superiority of Russia over Prussia, especially in cavalry at- 
tack, and there was a lull in the revelry for the moment. 
Serpuhovskoy went into the house to the bathroom to wash 
his hands, and found Vronsky there : Vronsky was drenching 
his head with water. He had taken off his coat and put his 
sunburnt, hairy neck under the tap, and was rubbing it and 
his head with his hands. When he had finished, Vronsky 
sat down by Serpuhovskoy. They both sat down in the bath- 
room on a lounge, and a conversation began which was very 
interesting to both of them. 

T've always been hearing about you through my wife,' said 
Serpuhovskoy. 'I'm glad you've been seeing her pretty 
often/ 

'She's friendly with Varya, and they're the only women in 
Petersburg I care about seeing,' answered Vronsky, smiling. 
He smiled because he foresaw the topic the conversation 
would turn on. and he was glad of it. 

'The only ones ?' Serpuhovskoy queried, smiling. 

'Yes; and I heard news of you, but not only through your 
wife,' said Vronsky, checking his hint by a stern expression 
of face. 'I was greatly delighted to hear of your success, 
but not a bit surprised. I expected even more.' 

Serpuhovskoy smiled. Such an opinion of him was ob- 
viously agreeable to him, and he did not think it necessary to 
conceal it. 



412 LEO TOLSTOY 

"Well, I on the contrary expected less — I'll own frankly. 
But I'm glad, very glad. I'm ambitious; that's my weakness, 
and I confess to it.' 

'Perhaps you wouldn't confess to it if you hadn't been 
successful,' said Vronsky. 

'I don't suppose so,' said Serpuhovskoy, smiling again. 'I 
won't say life wouldn't be worth living without it. but it 
would be dull. Of course I may be mistaken, but I fancy I 
have a certain capacity for the line I've chosen, and that 
power of any sort in my hands, if it is to be, will be better 
than in the hands of a good many people I know,' said Serpu- 
hovskoy, with beaming consciousness of success ; 'and so the 
nearer I get to it, the better pleased I am.' 

'Perhaps that is true for you, but not for every one. I used 
to think so too, but here I live and think life worth living not 
only for that.' 

'There it's out ! here it comes !' said Serpuhovskoy laugh- 
ing. 'Ever since I heard about you, about your refusal, I 
began ... Of course, I approved of what you did. But 
there are ways of doing everything. And I think your 
action was good in itself, but you didn't do it quite in the 
way you ought to have done.' 

'What's done can't be undone, and you know I never go 
back on what I've done. And besides, I'm very well off.' 

'Very well off — for the time. But you're not satisfied with 
that. I wouldn't say this to your brother. He's a nice child, 
like our host here. There he goes !' he added, listening to 
the roar of 'hurrah !' — 'and he's happy, that does not satisfy 
you.' 

'I didn't say it did satisfy me.' 

'Yes, but that's not the only thing. Such men as you are 
wanted.' 

'By whom?' 

'By whom? By society, by Russia. Russia needs men; 
she needs a party, or else everything goes and will go to the 
dogs.' 

'How do you mean ? Bertenev's party against the Russian 
communists?' 

'No,' said Serpuhovskoy, frowning with vexation at being 
suspected of such an absurdity. 'Tout ga est une blague. 



ANNA KARENIN 413 

That's always been and always will be. There are no com- 
munists. But intriguing people have to invent a noxious, 
dangerous party. It's an old trick. No, what's wanted is a 
powerful party of independent men like you and me.' 

'But why so?' Vronsky mentioned a few men who were 
in power. 'Why aren't they independent men?' 

'Simply because they have not, or have not had from birth, 
an independent fortune ; they've not had a name, they've not 
been close to the sun and centre as we have. They can be 
bought either by money or by favour. And they have to find 
a support for themselves in inventing a policy. And they 
bring forward some notion, some policy that they don't 
believe in, that does harm; and the whole policy is really 
only a means to a government house and so much income. 
Cela n'cst pas plus fin que ca, when you get a peep at their 
cards. I may be inferior to them, stupider perhaps, though 
I don't see why I should be inferior to them. But you and 
I have one important advantage over them for certain, in 
being more difficult to buy. And such men are more needed 
than ever.' 

Vronsky listened attentively, but he was not so much in- 
terested by the meaning of the words as by the attitude of 
Serpuhovskoy, who was already contemplating a struggle 
with the existing powers, and already had his likes and dis- 
likes in that higher world, while his own interest in the 
governing world did not go beyond the interests of his regi- 
ment. Vronsky felt, too, how powerful Serpuhovskoy might 
become through his unmistakable faculty for thinking things 
out and for taking things in, through his intelligence and 
gift of words, so rarely met with in the world in which he 
moved. And, ashamed as he was of the feeling, he felt 
envious. 

'Still I haven't the one thing of most importance for that,' 
he answered ; 'I haven't the desire for power. I had it once, 
but it's gone.' 

'Excuse me, that's not true,' said Serpuhovskoy smiling. 

'Yes, it is true, it is true . . . now !' Vronsky added, to 
be truthful. 

'Yes, it's true now, that's another thing; but that now 
won't last for ever.' 



414 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Perhaps,' answered Vronsky. 

"You say perhaps,' Serpuhovskoy went on, as though guess- 
ing his thoughts, 'but I say for certain. And that's what I 
wanted to see you for. Your action was just what it should 
have been. I see that, but you ought not to keep it up. I 
only ask you to give me carte blanche. I'm not going to 
offer you my protection . . . though, indeed, why shouldn't 
I protect you ? — you've protected me often enough ! I should 
hope our friendship rises above all that sort of thing. Yes,' 
he said, smiling to him as tenderly as a woman, "give me carte 
blanche, retire from the regiment, and I'll draw you upwards 
imperceptibly.' 

'But you must understand that I want nothing,' said 
Vronsky, 'except that all should be as it is.' 

Serpuhovskoy got up and stood facing him. 

'You say that all should be as it is. I understand what 
that means. But listen : we're the same age, you've known 
a greater number of women perhaps than I have.' Serpu- 
hovskoy's smile and gestures told Vronsky that he mustn't be 
afraid, that he would be tender and careful in touching the 
sore place. 'But I'm married, and believe me, in getting to 
know thoroughly one's wife, if one loves her, as some one 
has said, one gets to know all women better than if one knew 
thousands of them.' 

'We're coming directly !' Vronsky shouted to an officer, 
who looked into the room and called them to the colonel. 

Vronsky was longing now to hear to the end and know 
what Serpuhovskoy would say to him. 

'And here's my opinion for you. Women are the chief 
stumbling-block in a man's career. It's hard to love a woman 
and do anything. There's only one way of having love con- 
veniently without its being a hindrance — that's marriage. 
How, how am I to tell you what I mean ?' said Serpuhovskoy, 
who liked similes. 'Wait a minute, wait a minute ! Yes, 
just as you can only carry a fardcan and do something with 
your hands, when the fardcan is tied on your back, and 
that's marriage. And that's what I felt when I was married. 
My hands were suddenly set free. But to drag that fardeau 
about with you without marriage, your hands will always 
be so full that you can do nothing. Look at Mazankov, 



ANNA KARENIN 115 

at Krupov. They've ruined their careers for the sake of 
women.' 

'What women!' said Vronsky, recalling the Frenchwoman 
and the actress with whom the two men he had mentioned 
were connected. 

'The firmer the woman's foot in society, the worse it is. 
That's much the same as — not merely carrying the fardcau 
in your arms — but tearing it away from some one else.' 

'You have never loved,' Vronsky said softly, looking 
straight before him and thinking of Anna. 

'Perhaps. But you remember what I've said to you. And 
another thing, women are all more materialistic than men. 
We make something immense out of love, but they are always 
tcrrc-a-terrc' 

'Directly, directly !' he cried to a footman who came in. 
But the footman had not come to call them again, as he 
supposed. The footman brought Vronsky a note. 

'A man brought it from Princess Tverskoy.' 

Vronsky opened the letter and flushed crimson. 

'My head's begun to ache ; I'm going home,' he said to 
Serpuhovskoy. 

'Oh, good-bye then. You give me carte blanche!' 

'We'll talk about it later on ; I'll look you up in Petersburg.' 



CHAPTER XXII 

IT was six o'clock already, and so, in order to be there 
quickly, and at the same time not to drive with his own 
horses, known to every one, Vronsky got into Yashvin's 
hired fly, and told the driver to drive as quickly as possible. 
It was a roomy, old-fashioned fly, with seats for four. He 
sat in one corner, stretched his legs out on the front seat, and 
sank into meditation. 

A vague sense of the order into which his affairs had been 
brought, a vague recollection of the friendliness and flattery 
of Serpuhovskoy, who had considered him a man that was 
needed, and most of all, the anticipation of the interview 
before him — all blended into a general, joyous sense of life. 
This feeling was so strong that he could not help smiling. 
He dropped his legs, crossed one leg over the other knee, 
and taking it in his hand, felt the springy muscle of the calf, 
where it had been grazed the day before by his fall, and 
leaning back, he drew several deep breaths. 

Tm happy, very happy !' he said to himself. He had often 
before had this sense of physical joy in his own body, but he 
had never felt so fond of himself, of his own body, as at that 
moment. He enjoyed the slight ache in his strong leg, he 
enjoyed the muscular sensation of movement in his chest as 
he breathed. The bright, cold August day, which had made 
Anna feel so hopeless, seemed to him keenly stimulating, and 
refreshed his face and neck that still tingled from the cold 
water. The scent of brilliantine on his whiskers struck him 
as particularly pleasant in the fresh air. Everything he saw 
from the carriage-window, everything in that cold pure air, 
in the pale light of the sunset, was as fresh, and gay, and 
strong as he was himself: the roofs of the houses shining in 
the rays of the setting sun, the sharp outlines of fences and 
angles of buildings, the figures of passers-by, the carriages 
that met him now and then, the motionless green of the trees 
and grass, the fields with evenly drawn furrows of potatoes, 

416 



ANNA KARENIX 417 

and the slanting shadows that fell from the houses, and trees, 
and bushes, and even from the rows of potatoes — everything 
was bright like a pretty landscape just finished and freshly 
varnished. 

'Get on, get on !' he said to the driver, putting his head 
out of the window, and pulling a three-rouble note out of his 
pocket he handed it to the man as he looked round. The 
driver's hand fumbled with something at the lamp, the whip 
cracked, and the carriage rolled rapidly along the smooth 
high-road. 

'I want nothing, nothing but this happiness,' he thought, 
staring at the bone button of the bell in the space between the 
windows, and picturing to himself Anna just as he had seen 
her last time. 'And as I go on, I love her more and more. 
Here's the garden of the Vrede Villa. Whereabouts will she 
be? Where? How? Why did she fix on this place to meet 
me, and why does she write in Betsy's letter?' he thought, 
wondering now for the first time at it. But there was now no 
time for wonder. He called to the driver to stop before 
reaching the avenue, and opening the door, jumped out of 
the carriage as it was moving, and went into the avenue 
that led up to the house. There was no one in the avenue ; 
but looking round to the right he caught sight of her. Her 
face was hidden by a veil, but he drank in with glad eyes the 
special movement in walking, peculiar to her alone, the slope 
of the shoulders, and the setting of the head, and at once a 
sort of electric shock ran all over him. With fresh force, 
he felt conscious of himself from the springy motions of his 
legs to the movement of his lungs as he breathed, and some- 
thing set his lips twitching. 

Joining him, she pressed his hand tightly. 

'You're not angry that I sent for you ? I absolutely had 
to see you,' she said ; and the serious and set lines of her lips, 
which he saw under the veil, transformed his mood at once. 

'I angry ! But how have you come, where from ?' 

'Never mind,' she said, laying her hand on his, 'come along, 
I must talk to you.' 

He saw that something had happened, and that the inter- 
view would not be a joyous one. In her presence he had no 
will of his own : without knowing the grounds of her distress, 



418 LEO TOLSTOY 

he already felt the same distress unconsciously passing over 
him. 

'What is it? what?' he asked her, squeezing her hand 
with his elbow, and trying to read her thoughts in her 
face. 

She walked on a few steps in silence, gathering up her 
courage ; then suddenly she stopped. 

'I did not tell you yesterday,' she began, breathing quickly 
and painfully, 'that coming home with Alexey Alexandrovitch 
I told him everything . . . told him I could not be his wife, 
that . . . and told him everything.' 

He heard her, unconsciously bending his whole figure down 
to her as though hoping in this way to soften the hardness 
of her position for her. But directly she had said this he 
suddenly drew himself up, and a proud and hard expression 
came over his face. 

'Yes, yes, that's better, a thousand times better ! I know 
how painful it was,' he said. But she was not listening to 
his words, she was reading his thoughts from the expression 
of his face. She could not guess that that expression arose 
from the first idea that presented itself to Vronsky — that 
a duel was now inevitable. The idea of a duel had never 
crossed her mind, and so she put a different interpretation 
on this passing expression of hardness. 

When she got her husband's letter, she knew then at the 
bottom of her heart that everything would go on in the old 
way, that she would not have the strength of will to forego 
her position, to abandon her son, and to join her lover. The 
morning spent at Princess Tverskoy's had confirmed her still 
more in this. But this interview was still of the utmost 
gravity for her. She hoped that this interview would trans- 
form her position, and save her. If on hearing this news 
he were to say to her resolutely, passionately, without an in- 
stant's wavering: 'Throw up everything and come with me!' 
she would give up her son and go with him. But this news 
had not produced what she had expected in him ; he simply 
seemed as though he were resenting some affront. 

'It was not in the least painful for me. It happened of 
itself,' she said irritably ; 'and see . . .' She pulled her hus- 
band's letter out of her glove. 



ANNA KARENIN 419 

'I understand, I understand,' he interrupted her, taking the 
letter, but not reading it, and trying to soothe her. 'The 
one thing I longed for, the one thing I prayed for, was to 
cut short this position, so as to devote my life to your 
happiness.' 

'Why do you tell me that?' she said. "Do you suppose I 
can doubt it? If I doubted . . .' 

'Who's that coming?' said Vronsky suddenly, pointing to 
two ladies walking towards them. 'Perhaps they know us!' 
and he hurriedly turned off, drawing her after him into 
a side path. 

'Oh, I don't care !' she said. Her lips were quivering. And 
he fancied that her eyes looked with strange fury at him 
from under the veil. 'I tell you that's not the point — I can't 
doubt that ; but see what he writes to me. Read it.' She 
stood still again. 

Again, just as at the first moment of hearing of her rupture 
with her husband, Vronsky, on reading the letter, was un- 
consciously carried away by the natural sensation aroused in 
him by his own relation to the betrayed husband. Now while 
he held his letter in his hands, he could not help picturing 
the challenge, which he would most likely find at home to-day 
or to-morrow, and the duel itself, in which, with the same 
cold and haughty expression that his face was assuming at 
this moment, , he would await the injured husband's shot, 
after having himself fired into the air. And at that instant 
there flashed across his mind the thought of what Serpuhov- 
skoy had just said to him, and what he had himself been 
thinking in the morning — that it was better not to bind 
himself — and he knew that this thought he could not tell her. 

Having read the letter, he raised his eyes to her, and there 
was no determination in them. She saw at once that he had 
been thinking about it before by himself. She knew that 
whatever he might say to her, he would not say all he thought. 
And she knew that her last hope had failed her. This was 
not what she had been reckoning on. 

'You see the sort of man he is,' she said, with a shaking 
voice; 'he . . .' 

'Forgive me, but I rejoice at it,' Vronsky interrupted. 'For 
God's sake, let me finish !' he added, his eyes imploring her 



420 LEO TOLSTOY 

to give him time to explain his words. 'I rejoice, because 
things cannot, cannot possibly remain as he supposes.' 

'Why can't they?' Anna said, restraining her tears, and 
obviously attaching no sort of consequence to what he said. 
She felt that her fate was sealed. 

Vronsky meant that after the duel — inevitable, he thought 
— things could not go on as before, but he said something 
different. 

'It can't go on. I hope that now you will leave him. I 
hope' — he was confused, and reddened — that you will let me 
arrange and plan our life. To-morrow . . .' he was be- 
ginning. 

She did not let him go on. 

'But my child !' she shrieked. 'You see what he writes ! I 
should have to leave him, and I can't and won't do that.' 

'But, for God's sake, which is better? — leave your child, or 
keep up this degrading position?' 

'To whom is it degrading?' 

'To all, and most of all to you.' 

'You say degrading . . . don't say that. Those words 
have no meaning for me,' she said in a shaking voice. She 
did not want him now to say what was untrue. She had 
nothing left her but his love, and she wanted to love him. 
'Don't you understand that from the day I loved you every- 
thing has changed for me? For me there is one thing, and 
one thing only — your love. If that's mine, I feel so exalted, 
so strong, that nothing can be humiliating to me. I am 
proud of my position, because . . . proud of being . . . 
proud . . . 

She could not say what she was proud of. Tears of 
shame and despair choked her utterance. She stood still and 
sobbed. 

He felt, too, something swelling in his throat and twitch- 
ing in his nose, and for the first time in his life he felt on the 
point of weeping. 

He could not have said exactly what it was touched 
him so. He felt sorry for her, and he felt he could 
not help her, and with that he knew that he was to 
blame for her wretchedness, that he had done something 
wrong. 



AXXA KAREXIX 421 

'Is not a divorce possible?' he said feebly. She shook her 
head, not answering. "Couldn't you take your son. and still 
leave him?' 

'Yes; but it all depends on him. Now I must go to him, 
she said shortly. Her presentiment that all would again go 
on in the old way had not deceived her. 

'On Tuesday I shall be in Petersburg, and everything can 
be settled.' 

'Yes,' she said. 'But don't let us talk any more of it. 

Anna's carriage, which she had sent away, and ordered 
to come back to the little gate of the Vrede garden, drove 
up. Anna said good-bye to Vronsky, and drove home. 



CHAPTER XXIII 

ON Monday there was the usual sitting of the Commis- 
sion of the 2nd of June. Alexey Alexandrovitch 
walked into the hall where the sitting was held, 
greeted the members and the president, as usual, and sat 
down in his place, putting his hand on the papers laid ready 
before him. Among these papers lay the necessary evidence 
and a rough outline of the speech he intended to make. But 
he did not really need these documents. He remembered 
every point, and did not think it necessary to go over in his 
memory what he would say. He knew that when the time 
came, and when he saw his enemy facing him, and studiously 
endeavouring to assume an expression of indifTerence, his 
speech would flow of itself better than he could prepare it 
now. He felt that the import of his speech was of such 
magnitude that every word of it would have weight. Mean- 
time, as he listened to the usual report, he had the most 
innocent and inoffensive air. No one, looking at his white 
hands, with their swollen veins and long fingers, so softly 
stroking the edges of the white paper that lay before him, 
and at the air of weariness with which his head drooped on 
one side, would have suspected that in a few minutes a tor- 
rent of words would fiow from his lips that would arouse 
a fearful storm, set the members shouting and attacking one 
another, and force the president to call for order. When 
the report was over, Alexey Alexandrovitch announced in 
his subdued, delicate voice that he had several points to 
bring before the meeting in regard to the Commission for the 
Reorganisation of the Native Tribes. All attention was 
turned upon him. Alexey Alexandrovitch cleared his throat, 
and not looking at his opponent, but selecting, as he always 
did while he was delivering his speeches, the first person 
sitting opposite him, an inoffensive little old man, who never 
had an opinion of any sort in the Commission, began to 
expound his views. When he reached the point about the 

422 



ANNA KAREXIX 423 

fundamental and radical law, his opponent jumped up and 
began to protest. Stremov, who was also a member of the 
Commission, and also stung to the quick, began defending 
himself, and altogether a stormy sitting followed ; but Alexey 
Alexandrovitch triumphed, and his motion was carried, three 
new commissions were appointed, and the next day in a 
certain Petersburg circle nothing else was talked of but this 
sitting. Alexey Alexandrovitch's success had been even 
greater than he had anticipated. 

Next morning, Tuesday, Alexey Alexandrovitch, on wak- 
ing up, recollected with pleasure his triumph of the previous 
day, and he could not help smiling, though he tried to 
appear indififerent, when the chief secretary of his depart- 
ment, anxious to flatter him, informed him of the rumours 
that had reached him concerning what had happened in the 
Commission. 

Absorbed in business with the chief secretary, Alexey 
Alexandrovitch had completely forgotten that it was Tues- 
day, the day fixed by him for the return of Anna Arka- 
dyevna, and he was surprised and received a shock of 
annoyance when a servant came in to inform him of her 
arrival. 

Anna had arrived in Petersburg early in the morning; the 
carriage had been sent to meet her in accordance with her 
telegram, and so Alexey Alexandrovitch might have known 
of her arrival. But when she arrived, he did not meet her. 
She was told that he had not yet gone out, but was busy with 
his secretary. She sent word to her husband that she had 
come, went to her own room, and occupied herself in sorting 
out her things, expecting he would come to her. But an 
hour passed; he did not come. She went into the dining- 
room on the pretext of giving some directions, and spoke 
loudly on purpose, expecting him to come out there; but he 
did not come, though she heard him go to the door of his 
study as he parted from the chief secretary. She knew he 
usually went out quickly to his office, and she wanted to see 
him before that, so that their attitude to one another might 
be defined. 

She walked across the drawing-room and went resolutely 
to him. When she went into his study he was in official 



424 LEO TOLSTOY 

uniform, obviously ready to go out, sitting at a little table 
on which he rested his elbows, looking dejectedly before him. 
She saw him before he saw her, and she saw that he was 
thinking of her. 

On seeing her, he would have risen, but changed his mind, 
then his face flushed hotly — a thing Anna had never seen 
before, and he got up quickly and went to meet her, looking 
not at her eyes, but above them at her forehead and hair. 
He went up to her, took her by the hand, and asked her to 
sit down. 

'I am very glad you have come," he said, sitting down 
beside her, and obviously wishing to say something, he 
stuttered. Several times he tried to begin to speak, but 
stopped. In spite of the fact that, preparing herself for 
meeting him, she had schooled herself to despise and reproach 
him, she did not know what to say to him, and she felt sorry 
for him. And so the silence lasted for some time. "Is 
Seryozha quite well ?' he said, and not waiting for an answer, 
he added : "I shan't be dining at home to-day, and I have got 
to go out directly.' 

'I had thought of going to Moscow,' she said. 

'No, you did quite, quite right to come,' he said, and was 
silent again. 

Seeing that he was powerless to begin the conversation, 
she began herself. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch,' she said, looking at him and not 
dropping her eyes under his persistent gaze at her hair, 'I'm 
a guilty woman, I'm a bad woman, but I am the same as I 
was, as I told you then, and I have come to tell you that I 
can change nothing.' 

'I have asked you no question about that,' he said, all at 
once, resolutely and with hatred looking her straight in the 
face; 'that was as I had supposed.' Under the influence of 
anger he apparently regained complete possession of all his 
faculties. 'But as I told you then, and have written to you.' 
he said in a thin, shrill voice, "I repeat now, that I am not 
bound to know this. I ignore it. Not all wives are so kind 
as you, to be in such a hurry to communicate such agreeable 
news to their husbands.' He laid special emphasis on the 
word agreeable.' 'I shall ignore it so long as the world 



ANNA KAREN IN 425 

knows nothing of it, so long as my name is not disgraced. 
And so I simply inform you that our relations must be just as 
they have always been, and that only in the event of your 
compromising me I shall be obliged to take steps to secure 
my honour.' 

'But our relations cannot be the same as always,' Anna 
began in a timid voice, looking at him with dismay. 

When she saw once more those composed gestures, heard 
that shrill, childish, and sarcastic voice, her aversion for him 
extinguished her pity for him, and she felt only afraid, but 
at all costs she wanted to make clear her position. 

'I cannot be your wife while I . . .' she began. 

He laughed a cold and malignant laugh. 

'The manner of life you have chosen is reflected, I suppose, 
in your ideas. I have too much respect or contempt, or both 
... I respect your past and despise your present . . . that 
I was far from the interpretation you put on my words.' 

Anna sighed and bowed her head. 

'Though indeed I fail to comprehend how, with the in- 
dependence you show,' he went on, getting hot, ' — announcing 
your infidelity to your husband and seeing nothing repre- 
hensible in it, apparently — you can see anything reprehensible 
in performing a wife's duties in relation to your husband.' 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch ! What is it you want of me ?' 

'I want you not to meet that man here, and to conduct your- 
self so that neither the world nor the servants can reproach 
you . . . not to see him. That's not much, I think. And in 
return you will enjoy all the privileges of a faithful wife 
without fulfilling her duties. That's all I have to say to you. 
Now it's time for me to go. I'm not dining at home.' He 
got up and moved towards the door. 

Anna got up too. Bowing in silence, he let her pass before 
him. 



P-15 



CHAPTER XXIV 

THE night spent by Levin on the haycock did not pass 
without result for him. The way in which he had 
been managing his land revolted him and had lost 
all attraction for him. In spite of the magnificent harvest, 
never had there been, or, at least, never it seemed to him, 
had there been so many hindrances and so many quarrels 
between him and the peasants as that year, and the origin of 
these failures and this hostility was now perfectly compre- 
hensible to him. The delight he had experienced in the work 
itself, and the consequent greater intimacy with the peas- 
ants, the envy he felt of them, of their life, the desire to 
adopt that life, which had been to him that night not a dream 
but an intention, the execution of which he had thought out 
in detail — all this had so transformed his view of the farming 
of the land as he had managed it, that he could not take his 
former interest in it, and could not help seeing that unpleas- 
ant relation between him and the workpeople which was the 
foundation of it all. The herd of improved cows such as 
Pava, the whole land ploughed over and enriched, the nine 
level fields surrounded with hedges, the two hundred and 
forty acres heavily manured, the seed sown in drills, and all 
the rest of it — it was all splendid if only the work had been 
done for themselves, or for themselves and comrades — people 
in sympathy with them. But he saw clearly now (his work 
on a book on agriculture, in which the chief element in hus- 
bandry was to have been the labourer, greatly assisted him 
in this) that the sort of farming he was carrying on was 
nothing but a cruel and stubborn struggle between him and 
the labourers, in which there was on one side — his side — 
a continual intense effort to change everything to a pattern 
he considered better ; on the other side, the natural order 
of things. And in this struggle he saw that with immense 
expenditure of force on his side, and v.ith no effort or even 
intention on the other side, all that was attained was that 

436 



ANNA KARENIN 427 

the work did not go to the liking of either side, and that 
splendid tools, splendid cattle and land were spoiled with no 
good to any one. Worst of all, the energy expended on this 
work was not simply wasted. He could not help feeling now, 
since the meaning of his system had become clear to him, 
that the aim of his energy was a most unworthy one. In 
reality, what was the struggle about? He was struggling 
for every farthing of his share (and he could not help it, for 
he had only to relax his efforts, and he would not have had 
the money to pay his labourers' wages), while they were only 
struggling to be able to do their work easily and agreeably, 
that is to say, as they were used to doing it. It was for his 
interests that every labourer should work as hard as pos- 
sible, and that while doing so he should keep his wits about 
him, so as to try not to break the winnowing-machines, the 
horse-rakes, the thrashing-machines, that he should attend 
to what he was doing. What the labourer wanted was to 
work as pleasantly as possible, with rests, and above all, 
carelessly and heedlessly, without thinking. That summer 
Levin saw this at every step. He sent the men to mow some 
clover for hay, picking out the worst patches where the 
clover was overgrown with grass and weeds and of no use 
for seed ; again and again they mowed the best acres of 
clover, justifying themselves by the pretence that the bailiff 
had told them to, and trying to pacify him with the assur- 
ance that it would be splendid hay ; but he knew that it was 
owing to those acres being so much easier to mow. He sent 
out a hay machine for pitching the hay — it was broken at 
the first row because it was dull work for a peasant to sit 
on the seat in front with the great wings vi'aving above him. 
And he was told, 'Don't trouble, your honour, sure, the 
women-folks will pitch it quick enough. The ploughs were 
practically useless, because it never occurred to the labourer 
to raise the share when he turned the plough, and forcing 
it round, he strained the horses and tore up the ground, and 
Levin was begged not to mind about it. The horses were 
allowed to stray into the wheat because not a single labourer 
would consent to be night-watchman, and in spite of orders 
to the contrary, the labourers insisted on taking turns for 
night duty, and Ivan, after working all day long, fell asleep, 



428 LEO TOLSTOY 

and was very penitent for his fault, saying, 'Do what you will 
to me, your honour.' 

They killed three of the best calves by letting them into 
the clover aftermath without care as to their drinking, and 
nothing would make the men believe that they had been 
blown out by the clover, but they told him, by way of con- 
solation, that one of his neighbours had lost a hundred and 
twelve head of cattle in three days. All this happened, not 
because any one felt ill-will to Levin or his farm; on the 
contrary, he knew that they liked him, thought him a simple 
gentleman (their highest praise) ; but it happened simply 
because all they wanted was to work merrily and carelessly, 
and his interests were not only remote and incomprehensible 
to them, but fatally opposed to their most just claims. Long 
before. Levin had felt dissatisfaction with his own position 
in regard to the land. He saw where his boat leaked, but 
he did not look for the leak, perhaps purposely deceiving 
himself. (Nothing would be left him if he lost faith in it.) 
But now he could deceive himself no longer. The farming 
of the land, as he was managing it, had become not merely 
unattractive but revolting to him, and he could take no further 
interest in it. 

To this now was joined the presence, only twenty-five 
miles oflf, of Kitty Shtcherbatsky. whom he longed to see and 
could not see. Darya Alexandrovna Oblonsky had invited 
him, when he was over there, to come ; to come with the 
object of renewing his offer to her sister, who would, so she 
gave him to understand, accept him now. Levin himself 
had felt on seeing Kitty Shtcherbatsky that he had never 
ceased to love her; but he could not go over to the Oblon- 
skys', knowing she was there. The fact that he had made 
her an offer, and she had refused him, had placed an insuper- 
able barrier between her and him. T can't ask her to be my 
wife merely because she can't be the wife of the man she 
wanted to marry,' he said to himself. The thought of this 
made him cold and hostile to her. 'I should not be able to 
speak to her without a feeling of reproach ; I could not look 
at her without resentment ; and she will only hate me all the 
more, as she's bound to. And besides, how can I now, after 
what Darya Alexandrovna told me, go to see them? Can I 



ANNA KAREXIN 429 

help showing that I know what she told me? And me to go 
magnanimously to forgive her, and have pity on her ! Me 
go through a performance before her of forgiving, and 
deigning to bestow my love on her ! . . . What induced 
Darya Alexandrovna to tell me that? By chance I might 
have seen her, then everything would have happened of 
itself; but, as it is, it's out of the question, out of the 
question !' 

Darya Alexandrovna sent him a letter, asking him for a 
side-saddle for Kitty's use. 'I'm told you have a side-saddle,' 
she wrote him; "I hope you will bring it over yourself.' 

This was more than he could stand. How could a woman 
of any intelligence, of any delicacy, put her sister in such a 
humiliating position ! He wrote ten notes, and tore them all 
up, and sent the saddle without any reply. To write that he 
would go was impossible, because he could not go; to write 
that he could not come because something prevented him, 
or that he would be away, that was still worse. He sent the 
saddle without an answer, and with a sense of having done 
something shameful ; he handed over all the now revolting 
business of the estate to his bailiff, and set off next day to 
a remote district to see his friend Sviazhsky, who had 
splendid marshes for grouse in his neighbourhood, and had 
lately written to ask him to keep a long-standing promise 
to stay with him. The grouse marsh, in the Surovsky district, 
had long tempted Levin, but he had continually put off this 
visit on account of his work on the estate. Now he was glad 
to get away from the neighbourhood of the Shtcherbatskys, 
and still more from his farm-work, especially on a shooting 
expedition, which always in trouble served as the best con- 
solation. 



CHAPTER XXV 

IN the Surovsky district there was no railway nor service 
of post-horses, and Levin drove there with his own 
horses in his big, old-fashioned carriage. 

He stopped half-way at a well-to-do peasant's to feed his 
horses. A bald, well-preserved old man, with a broad, red 
beard, grey on his cheeks, opened the gate, squeezing against 
the gate-post to let the three horses pass. Directing the 
coachman to a place under the shed in the big, clean, tidy 
yard, with charred, old-fashioned ploughs in it, the old man 
asked Levin to come into the parlour. A cleanly dressed 
young woman, with clogs on her bare feet, was scrubbing 
the floor in the new outer room. She was frightened of 
the dog, that ran in after Levin, and uttered a shriek, but 
began laughing at her own fright at once when she was told 
the dog would not hurt her. Pointing Levin with her bare 
arm to the door into the parlour, she bent down again, hiding 
her handsome face, and went on scrubbing. 

"Would you like the samovar?' she asked. 

'Yes, please.' 

The parlour was a big room, with a Dutch stove, and a 
screen dividing it into two. Under the holy pictures stood a 
table painted in patterns, a bench, and two chairs. Near the 
entrance was a dresser full of crockery. The shutters were 
closed, there were few flies, and it was so clean that Levin 
was anxious that Laska, who had been running along 
the road and bathing in the puddles, should not muddy the 
floor, and ordered her to a place in the corner by the door. 
After looking round the parlour. Levin went out in the 
backyard. The good-looking yoimg woman in clogs, swing- 
ing the empty pails on the yoke, ran on before him to the 
well for water. 

'Look sharp, my girl !' the old man shouted after her, 
good-humouredly, and he went up to Levin. 'Well, sir, are 
you going to Nikolay Ivanovitch Sviazhsky? His honour 

430 



ANNA KARENIN 431 

comes to us too,' he began chatting, leaning his elbows on 
the railing of the steps. In the middle of the old man's ac- 
count of his acquaintance with Sviazhsky, the gates creaked 
again, and labourers came into the yard from the fields, with 
wooden ploughs and harrows. The horses harnessed to the 
ploughs and harrows were sleek and fat. The labourers 
were obviously of the household : two were young men in 
cotton shirts and caps, the two others were hired labourers 
in homespun shirts, one an old man, the other a young 
fellow. Moving off from the steps, the old man went up to 
the horses and began unharnessing them. 

'What have they been ploughing?' asked Levin. 

'Ploughing up the potatoes. We rent a bit of land too. 
Fedot, don't let out the gelding, but take it to the trough, and 
we'll put the other in harness.' 

'Oh, father, the ploughshares I ordered, has he brought 
them along?' asked a big, healthy-looking fellow, obviously 
the old man's son. 

'There ... in the outer room,' answered the old man, 
bundling together the harness he had taken off, and flinging 
it on the ground. 'You can put them on, while they have 
dinner.' 

The good-looking young woman came into the outer room 
with the full pails dragging at her shoulders. More women 
came on the scene from somewhere, young and handsome, 
middle-aged, old and ugly, with children and without chil- 
dren. 

The samovar was beginning to sing ; the labourers and the 
family, having disposed of the horses, came in to dinner. 
Levin, getting his provisions out of his carriage, invited the 
old man to take tea with him. 

'Well, I have had some to-day already,' said the old man, 
obviously accepting the invitation with pleasure. 'But just 
a glass for company.' 

Over their tea Levin heard all about the old man's farming. 
Ten years before, the old man had rented three hundred 
acres from the lady who owned them, and a year ago he 
had bought them and rented another three hundred from a 
neighbouring landowner. A small part of the land — the worst 
part — he let out for rent, while a hundred acres of arable 



432 LEO TOLSTOY 

land he cultivated himself with his family and two hired 
labourers. The old man complained that things were doing 
badly. But Levin saw that he simply did so from a feeling 
of propriety, and that his farm was in a flourishing condi- 
tion. If it had been unsuccessful he would not have bought 
land at thirty-five roubles the acre, he would not have mar- 
ried his three sons and a nephew, he would not have rebuilt 
twice after fires, and each time on a larger scale. In spite 
of the old man's complaints, it was evident that he was 
proud, and justly proud of his prosperity, proud of his sons, 
his nephew, his sons' wives, his horses and his cows, and 
especially of the fact that he was keeping all this farming 
going. From his conversation with the old man, Levin 
thought he was not averse to new methods either. He 
had planted a great many potatoes, and his potatoes, as 
Levin had seen driving past, were already past flowering and 
beginning to die down, while Levin's were only just coming 
into flower. He earthed up his potatoes with a modern 
plough borrowed from a neighbouring landowner. He sowed 
wheat. The trifling fact that, thinning out his rye, the old 
man used the rye he thinned out for his horses, specially 
struck Levin. How many times had Levin seen this splendid 
fodder wasted, and tried to get it saved ; but always it had 
turned out to be impossible. The peasant got this done, and 
he could not say enough in praise of it as food for the 
beasts. 

'What have the wenches to do? They carry it out in 
bundles to the roadside, and the cart brings it away.' 

"Well, we landowners can't manage well with our la- 
bourers,' said Levin, handing him a glass of tea. 

'Thank you,' said the old man, and he took the glass, but 
refused sugar, pointing to a lump he had left. 'They're 
simple destruction,' said he. 'Look at Sviazhsky's, for in- 
stance. We know what the land's like — first-rate, yet there's 
not much of a crop to boast of. It's not looked after enough 
— that's all it is !' 

'But you work your land with hired labourers?' 

'We're all peasants together. We go into everything our- 
selves. If a man's no use, he can go, and we can manage by 
ourselves.' 



ANNA KARENIN 433 

'Father, Finogen wants some tar,' said the young woman 
in the clogs, coming in. 

'Yes, yes, that's how it is, sir !' said the old man, getting 
up and, crossing himself deliberately, he thanked Levin and 
went out. 

When Levin went into the kitchen to call his coach- 
man he saw the whole family at dinner. The women were 
standing up waiting on them. The young, sturdy-looking 
son was telling something funny with his mouth full of pud- 
ding, and they were all laughing, the woman in the clogs, 
who was pouring cabbage-soup into a bowl, laughing most 
merrily of all. 

Very probably the good-looking face of the young woman 
in the clogs had a good deal to do with the impression of 
well-being this peasant household made upon Levin, but the 
impression was so strong that Levin could never get rid of 
it. And all the way from the old peasant's to Sviazhsky's 
he kept recalling this peasant farm as though there were 
something in this impression that demanded his special 
attention. 



CHAPTER XXVI 

SVIAZHSKY was the marshal of his district. He was 
five years older than Levin, and had long been mar- 
ried. His sister-in-law, a young girl Levin liked very 
much, lived in his house ; and Levin knew that Sviazhsky 
and his wife would have greatly liked to marry the girl to 
him. He knew this with certainty, as so-called eligible 
young men always know it, though he could never have 
brought himself to speak of it to any one; and he knew 
too that, although he wanted to get married, and although 
by every token this very attractive girl would make an ex- 
cellent wife, he could no more have married her, even if 
he had not been in love with Kitty Shtcherbatsky, than he 
could have flown up to the sky. And this knowledge poisoned 
the pleasure he had hoped to find in the visit to Sviazhsky. 
On getting Sviazhsky's letter with the invitation for 
shooting, Levin had immediately thought of this; but in 
spite of it he had made up his mind that Sviazhsky's having 
such views for him was simply his own groundless sup- 
position, and so he would go, all the same. Besides, at the 
bottom of his heart he had a desire to try himself, put him- 
self to the test in regard to this girl. The Sviazhskys' home 
life was exceedingly pleasant, and Sviazhsky himself, the 
best type of man taking part in local affairs that Levin 
knew, was very interesting to him. 

Sviazhsky was one of those people, always a source of 
wonder to Levin, whose convictions, very logical though 
never original, go one way by themselves, while their life, 
exceedingly definite and firm in its direction, goes its way 
quite apart and almost always in direct contradiction to their 
convictions. Sviazhsky was an extremely advanced man. 
He despised the nobility, and believed the mass of the 
nobility to be secretly in favour of serfdom, and only con- 
cealing their views from cowardice. He regarded Russia 
as a ruined country, rather after the style of Turkey, and 

434 



ANNA KA RENIN 435 

the government of Russia as so bad that he never permitted 
himself to criticise its doings seriously, and yet he was a 
functionary of that government and a model marshal of 
nobility, and when he drove about he always wore the 
cockade of office and the cap vvith the red band. He con- 
sidered human life only tolerable abroad, and went abroad 
to stay at every opportunity, and at the same time he carried 
on a complex and improved system of agriculture in Russia, 
and with extreme interest followed everything and knew 
everything that was being done in Russia. He considered 
the Russian peasant as occupying a stage of development 
intermediate between the ape and the man, and at the same 
time in the local assemblies no one was readier to shake 
hands with the peasants and listen to their opinion. He 
believed neither in God nor the devil, but was much con- 
cerned about the question of the improvement of the clergy 
and the maintenance of their revenues, and took special 
trouble to keep up the church in his village. 

On the woman question he was on the side of the extreme 
advocates of complete liberty for women, and especially 
their right to labour. But he lived with his wife on such 
terms that their affectionate childless home-life was the ad- 
miration of every one, and arranged his wife's life so that 
she did nothing and could do nothing but share her husband's 
efforts that her time should pass as happily and as agreeably 
as possible. 

If it had not been a characteristic of Levin's to put the 
most favourable interpretation on people, Sviazhsky's char- 
acter would have presented no doubt or difficulty to him : he 
would have said to himself, 'a fool or a knave,' and every- 
thing would have seemed clear. But he could not say 'a 
fool,' because Sviazhsky was unmistakably clever, and more- 
over, a highly cultivated man, who was exceptionally modest 
over his culture. There was not a subject he knew nothing 
of. But he did not display his knowledge except when he 
was compelled to do so. Still less could Levin say that he 
was a knave, as Sviazhsky was unmistakably an honest, good- 
hearted, sensible man, who worked good-humouredly, keenly, 
and perseveringly at his work; he was held in high honour 
by every one about him, and certainly had never consciously 



436 LEO TOLSTOY 

done, and was indeed incapable of doing, anything base. 
Levin tried to understand him, and could not understand 
him, and looked at him and his life as at a living enigma. 

Levin and he were very friendly, and so Levin used to 
venture to sound Sviazhsky. to try to get at the very founda- 
tion of his view of life; but it was always in vain. Every 
time Levin tried to penetrate beyond the outer chambers 
of Sviazhsky's mind, which were hospitably open to all, he 
noticed that Sviazhsky was slightly disconcerted; faint signs 
of alarm were visible in his eyes, as though he were afraid 
Levin would understand him, and he would give him a kindly 
good-humoured repulse. 

Just now, since his disenchantment with farming. Levin 
was particularly glad to stay with Sviazhsky. Apart from 
the fact that the sight of this happy affectionate couple, 
so pleased with themselves and every one else, and their 
well-ordered home always had a cheering effect on Levin, he 
felt a longing, now that he was so dissatisfied with his own 
life, to get at that secret in Sviazhsky that gave him such 
clearness, definiteness, and good courage in life. Moreover, 
Levin knew that at Sviazhsky's he should meet the land- 
owners of the neighbourhood, and it was particularly in- 
teresting for him just now to hear and take part in those 
rural conversations concerning crops, labourers' wages, and 
so on, which, he was aware, are conventionally regarded 
as something very low, but which seemed to him just now 
to constitute the one subject of importance. 'It was not, per- 
haps, of importance in the days of serfdom, and it may not 
be of importance in England. In both cases the conditions 
of agriculture are firmly established ; but among us now, 
when everything has been turned upside down and is only 
just taking shape, the question what form these conditions 
will take is the one question of importance in Russia,' 
thought Levin. 

The shooting turned out to be worse than Levin had ex- 
pected. The marsh was dry and there were no grouse at 
all. He walked about the whole day and only brought back 
three birds, but to make up for that — he brought back, as 
he always did from shooting, an ^cellent appetite, excellent 
spirits, and that keen, intellectual mood which with him 



ANNA KARENIN 437 

always accompanied violent physical exertion. And while 
out shooting, when he seemed to be thinking of nothing at 
all, suddenly the old man and his family kept coming back 
to his mind, and the impression of them seemed to claim 
not merely his attention, but the solution of some question 
connected with them. 

In the evening at tea, two landowners who had come about 
some business connected with a wardship were of the party, 
and the interesting conversation Levin had been looking 
forward to- sprang up. 

Levin was sitting beside his hostess at the tea-table, and 
was obliged to keep up a conversation with her and her 
sister, who was sitting opposite him. Madame Sviazhsky 
was a round-faced, fair-haired, rather short woman, all 
smiles and dimples. Levin tried through her to get at a 
solution of the weighty enigma her husband presented to 
his mind; but he had not complete freedom of ideas, because 
he was in an agony of embarrassment. This agony of em- 
barrassment was due to the fact that the sister-in-law was 
sitting opposite to him, in a dress, specially put on, as he 
fancied, for his benefit, cut particularly open, in the shape 
of a trapeze, on her white bosom. This quadrangular open- 
ing, in spite of the bosom's being very white, or just because 
it was very white, deprived Levin of the full use of his 
faculties. He imagined, probably mistakenly, that this low- 
necked bodice had been made on his account, and felt that 
he had no right to look at it, and tried not to look at it; 
but he felt that he was to blame for the very fact of the low- 
necked bodice having been made. It seemed to Levin that 
he had deceived some one, that he ought to explain some- 
thing, but that to explain it was impossible, and for that 
reason he was continually blushing, was ill at ease and 
awkward. His awkwardness infected the pretty ■ sister-in- 
law too. But their hostess appeared not to observe this, and 
kept purposely drawing her into the conversation. 

"You say,' she said, pursuing the subject that had been 
started, 'that my husband cannot be interested in what's 
Russian. It's quite the contrary ; he is always in cheerful 
spirits abroad, but not as he is here. Here, he feels in his 
proper place. He has so much to do, and he has the faculty 



438 LEO TOLSTOY 

of interesting himself in everything. Oh, you've not been 
to see our school, have you?' 

'I've seen it. . . . The little house covered with ivy, isn't 
it?' 

'Yes ; that's Nastia's work,' she said, indicating her sister. 

'You teach in it yourself?' asked Levin, trying to look 
above the open neck, but feeling that wherever he looked in 
that direction he should see it. 

'Yes; I used to teach in it myself, and do teach still, but 
we have a first-rate schoolmistress now. And we've started 
gymnastic exercises.' 

'No, thank you, I won't have any more tea,' said Levin, 
and conscious of doing a rude thing, but incapable of con- 
tinuing the conversation, he got up, blushing. 'I hear a very 
interesting conversation,' he added, and walked to the other 
end of the table, where Sviazhsky was sitting with the two 
gentlemen of the neighbourhood. Sviazhsky was sitting 
sideways, with one elbow on the table, and a cup in one hand, 
while with the other hand he gathered up his beard, held 
it to his nose and let it drop again, as though he were smell- 
ing it. His brilliant black eyes were looking straight at the 
excited country gentleman with grey whiskers, and ap- 
parently he derived amusement from his remarks. The 
gentleman was complaining of the peasants. It was evident 
to Levin that Sviazhsky knew an answer to this gentleman's 
complaints, which would at once demolish his whole con- 
tention, but that in his position he could not give utterance 
to this answer, and listened, not without pleasure, to the 
landowner's comic speeches. 

The gentleman with the grey whiskers was obviously an 
inveterate adherent of serfdom and a devoted agriculturist, 
who had lived all his life in the country. Levin saw proofs 
of this in his dress, in the old-fashioned threadbare coat, 
obviously not his everyday attire, in his shrewd, deep-set 
eyes, in his idiomatic, fluent Russian, in the imperious tone 
that had become habitual from long use, and in the resolute 
gestures of his large, red, sunburnt hands, with an old 
betrothal-ring on the little finger. 



CHAPTER XXVII 

IF I'd only the heart to throw up what's been set 
going . . . such a lot of trouble wasted ... I'd turn 
my back on the whole business, sell up, go off like 
Nikolay Ivanovitch ... to hear La Belle Helcne,' said the 
landowner, a pleasant smile lighting up his shrewd old face. 

'But you see you don't throw it up,' said Nikolay Ivano- 
vitch Sviazhsky ; 'so there must be something gained.' 

"The only gain is that I live in my own house, neither 
bought nor hired. Besides, one keeps hoping the people will 
learn sense. Though, instead of that, you'd never believe it 
— the drunkenness, the immorality ! They keep chopping and 
changing their bits of land. Not a sight of a horse or a 
cow. The peasant's dying of hunger, but just go and take him 
on as a labourer, he'll do his best to do you a mischief, and 
then bring you up before the justice of the peace.' 

'But then you make complaints to the justice too,' said 
Sviazhsky. 

T lodge complaints? Not for anything in the world ! Such 
a talking, and such a to-do, that one would have cause to 
regret it. At the works, for instance, they pocketed the 
advance-money and made off. What did the justice do? 
Why, acquitted them. Nothing keeps them in order but 
their own communal court and their village elder. He'll 
flog them in the good old style ! But for that there'd be 
nothing for it but to give it all up and run away.' 

Obviously the landowner was chaffing Sviazhsky, who, far 
from resenting it, was apparently amused by it. 

'But you see we manage our land without such extreme 
measures,' said he, smiling : 'Levin and I and this 
gentleman.' 

He indicated the other landowner. 

'Yes, the thing's done at Mihail Petrovitch's, but ask him 
how it's done. Do you call that a rational system?' said the 
landowner, obviously rather proud of the word 'rational.' 

439 



440 LEO TOLSTOY 

'My system's very simple,' said Mihail Petrovitch, 'thank 
God. All my management rests on getting the money ready 
for the autumn taxes, and the peasants come to me, "Father, 
master, help us I" Well, the peasants are all one's neigh- 
bours ; one feels for them. So one advances them a third, 
but one says: "Remember, lads, I have helped you, and you 
must help me when I need it — whether it's the sowing of 
the oats, or the hay-cutting, or the harvest"; and well, one 
agrees, so much for each taxpayer — though there are dis- 
honest ones among them too, it's true.' 

Levin, who had long been familiar with these patriarchal 
methods, exchanged glances with Sviazhsky and interrupted 
]\Iihail Petrovitch, turning again to the gentleman with the 
grey whiskers. 

'Then what do you think?' he asked; 'what system is one 
to adopt nowadays ?' 

'Why, manage like Mihail Petrovitch, or let the land for 
half the crop or for rent to the peasants ; that one can do — 
only that's just how the general prosperity of the country is 
being ruined. Where the land with serf-labour and good 
management gave a yield of nine to one, on the half-crop 
system it yields three to one. Russia has been ruined by the 
emancipation !' 

Sviazhsky looked with smiling eyes at Levin, and even 
made a faint gesture of irony to him; but Levin did not 
think the landowner's words absurd, he understood them 
better than he did Sviazhsky. A great deal more of what 
the gentleman with the grey whiskers said to show in what 
way Russia was ruined by the emancipation struck him in- 
deed as very true, new to him, and quite incontestable. The 
landowner unmistakably spoke his own individual thought 
— a thing that rarely happens — and a thought to which he 
had been brought not by a desire of finding some exercise 
for an idle brain, but a thought which had grown up out 
of the conditions of his life, which he had brooded over in 
the solitude of his village, and had considered in every 
aspect. 

'The point is, don't you see, that progress of every sort is 
only made by the use of authority,' he said, evidently wishing 
to show he was not without culture. 'Take the reforms of 



ANNA KARENIN 441 

Peter, of Catherine, of Alexander. Take European his- 
tory. And progress in agriculture more than anything else 
— the potato, for instance, that was introduced among us by 
force. The wooden plough too wasn't always used. It was 
introduced may be in the days before the Empire, but it was 
probably brought in by force. Now, in our own day, we 
landowners in the serf times used various improvements in 
our husbandry: drying-machines and thrashing-machines, 
and carting manure and all the modern implements — all that 
we brought into use by our authority, and the peasants 
opposed it at first, and ended by imitating us. Now, by the 
abolition of serfdom we have been deprived of our author- 
ity ; and so our husbandry, where it had been raised to a 
high level, is bound to sink to the most savage primitive 
condition. That's how I see it." 

'But why so? If it's rational, you'll be able to keep up 
the same system with hired labour,' said Sviazhsky. 

'We've no power over them. With whom am I going to 
work the system, allow me to ask?' 

"There it is — the labour force — the chief element in agri- 
culture,' thought Levin. 

'With labourers.' 

'The labourers won't work well, and won't work with 
good implements. Our labourer can do nothing but get 
drunk like a pig, and when he's drunk he ruins everything 
you give him. He makes the horses ill with too much 
water, cuts good harness, barters the tyres of the wheels 
for drink, drops bits of iron into the thrashing-machine, so 
as to break it. He loathes the sight of anything that's not 
after his fashion. And that's how it is the whole level of 
husbandry has fallen. Lands gone out of cultivation, over- 
grown with weeds, or divided among the peasants, and 
where millions of bushels were raised you get a hundred 
thousand ; the wealth of the country has decreased. If the 
same thing had been done, but with care that . . .' 

And he proceeded to unfold his own scheme of emancipa- 
tion by means of which these drawbacks might have been 
avoided. 

This did not interest Levin, but when he had finished. 
Levin went back to his first position, and, addressing Sviazh- 



443 LEO TOLSTOY 

sky, and trying to draw him into expressing his serious 
opinion : — 

'That the standard of culture is falling, and that with 
our present relations to the peasants there is no possibility of 
farming on a rational system to yield a profit — that's per- 
fectly true,' said he. 

'I don't believe it,' Sviazhsky replied quite seriously ; 'all 
I see is that we don't know how to cultivate the land, and 
that our system of agriculture in the serf-days was by no 
means too high, but too low. We have no machines, no 
good stock, no efficient supervision; we don't even know how 
to keep accounts. Ask any landowner ; he won't be able to 
tell you what crop's profitable, and what's not.' 

'Italian book-keeping,' said the gentleman of the grey 
whiskers ironically. 'You may keep your books as you like, 
but if they spoil everything for you, there won't be any 
profit.' 

'Why do they spoil things? A poor thrashing-machine, 
or your Russian presser, they will break, but my steam-press 
they don't break. A wretched Russian nag they'll ruin, but 
keep good dray-horses or cart-horses — they won't ruin them. 
And so it is all round. We must raise our farming to a 
higher level.' 

'Oh, if one only had the means to do it, Nikolay Ivano- 
vitch ! It's all very well for you ; but for me, with a son 
to keep at the university, lads to be educated at the high 
school — how am I going to buy these dray-horses?' 

'Well, that's what the land banks are for.' 

'To get what's left me sold by auction ? No, thank you.' 

'I don't agree that it's necessary or possible to raise the 
level of agriculture still higher,' said Levin. 'I devote 
myself to it, and I have means, but I can do nothing. As 
to the banks, I don't know to whom they're any good. For 
my part, anyway, whatever Tve spent money on in the 
way of husbandry, it has been a loss : stock — a loss, machin- 
ery — a loss.' 

'That's true enough,' the gentleman with the grey whiskers 
chimed in, positively laughing with satisfaction. 

'And I'm not the only one,' pursued Levin. 'I mix with 
all the neighbouring landowners, who are cultivating their 



ANNA KARENIN 443 

land on a rational system ; they all, with rare exceptions, are 
doing so at a loss. Come, tell us how does your land do — 
does it pay?' said Levin, and at once in Sviazhsky's eyes he 
detected that fleeting expression of alarm which he had 
noticed whenever he had tried to penetrate beyond the outer 
chambers of Sviazhsky's mind. 

Moreover, this question on Levin's part was not quite in 
good faith. Madame Sviazhsky had just told him at tea that 
they had that summer invited a German expert in book- 
keeping from Moscow, who for a consideration of five hun- 
dred roubles had investigated the management of their 
property, and found that it was costing them a loss of three 
thousand odd roubles. She did not remember the precise 
sum, but it appeared that the German had worked it out to 
the fraction of a farthing. 

The grey-whiskered landowner smiled at the mention of 
the profits of Sviazhsky's farming, obviously aware how 
much gain his neighbour and marshal was likely to be 
making. 

'Possibly it does not pay,' answered Sviazhsky. 'That 
merely proves either that I'm a bad manager, or that Lve 
sunk my capital for the increase of my rents.' 

'Oh, rent !' Levin cried with horror. 'Rent there may be 
in Europe, where land has been improved by the labour 
put into it ; but with us all the land is deteriorating from 
the labour put into it — in other words, they're working it 
out ; so there's no question of rent.' 

'How no rent? It's a law.' 

'Then we're outside the law ; rent explains nothing for us, 
but simply muddles us. No, tell me how there can be a 
theory of rent ? . . .' 

'Will you have some junket? Masha, pass us some junket 
or raspberries.' He turned to his wife. 'Extraordinarily 
late the raspberries are lasting this year.' 

And in the happiest frame of mind Sviazhsky got up and 
walked off, apparently supposing the conversation to have 
ended at the very point when to Levin it seemed that it was 
only just beginning. 

Having lost his antagonist, Levin continued the conversa- 
tion with the grey-whiskered landowner, trying to prove to 



444 LEO TOLSTOY 

him that all the difficulty arises from the fact that we don't 
find out the peculiarities and habits of our labourer; but 
the landowner, like all men who think independently and 
in isolation, was slow in taking in any other person's idea, 
and particularly partial to his own. He stuck to it that the 
Russian peasant is a swine and likes swinishness, and that 
to get him out of his swinishness one must have authority, 
and there is none ; one must have the stick, and we have 
become so liberal that we have all of a sudden replaced the 
stick that served us for a thousand years by lawyers and 
model prisons, where the worthless, stinking peasant is 
fed on good soup and has a fixed allowance of cubic feet of 
air. 

'What makes you think,' said Levin, trying to get back to 
the question, 'that it's impossible to find some relation to 
the labourer in which the labour would become productive?' 

'That never could be so with the Russian peasantry ; we've 
no power over them,' answered the landowner. 

'How can new conditions be found?' said Sviazhsky. 
Having eaten some junket and lighted a cigarette, he came 
back to the discussion. 'All possible relations to the labour 
force have been defined and studied,' he said. 'The relic 
of barbarism, the primitive commune with each guarantee 
for all, will disappear of itself ; serfdom has been abolished 
— there remains nothing but free labour, and its forms are 
fixed and ready made, and must be adopted. Permanent 
hands, day-labourers, farmers — you can't get out of those 
forms.' 

'But Europe is dissatisfied with these forms.' 

'Dissatisfied, and seeking new ones. And will find them, 
in all probability.' 

'That's just what I was meaning,' answered Levin. 'Why 
shouldn't we seek them for ourselves?' 

'Because it would be just like inventing afresh the means 
for constructing raihvays. They are ready, invented.' 

'But if they don't do for us, if they're stupid?' said Levin. 

And again he detected the expression of alarm in the eyes 
of Sviazhsky. 

'Oh yes ; we'll bury the world under our caps ! We've 
found the secret Europe was seeking for ! I've heard all 



ANNA KARENIN 445 

that ; but, excuse me, do you know all that's been done in 
Europe on the question of the organisation of labour?' 

'No, very little.' 

'That question is now absorbing the best minds in Europe. 

The Schulze-Delitsch movement And then all this 

enormous literature of the labour question, the most liberal 
Lassalle movement . . . the Mulhausen experiment? That's 
a fact by now, as you're probably aware.' 

T have some idea of it, but very vague.' 

'No, you only say that ; no doubt you know all about it as 
well as I do. I'm not a professor of sociology, of course, 
but it interested me, and really, if it interests you, you ought 
to study it.' 

'But what conclusion have they come to?' 

'Excuse me . . .' 

The two neighbours had risen, and Sviazhsky, once more 
checking Levin in his inconvenient habit of peeping into 
what was beyond the outer chambers of his mind, went to 
see his guests out. 



CHAPTER XXVIII 

1EVIN was insufferably bored that evening with the 
. ladies ; he was stirred as he had never been before by 
^ the idea that the dissatisfaction he was feeling with 
his system of managing his land was not an exceptional 
case, but the general condition of things in Russia ; that the 
organisation of some relation of the labourers to the soil 
in which they would work, as with the peasant he had met 
half-way to the Sviazhskys' was not a dream, but a problem 
which must be solved. And it seemed to him that the 
problem could be solved, and that he ought to try and solve it. 

After saying good-night to the ladies, and promising to 
stay the whole of the next day, so as to make an expedition 
on horseback with them to see an interesting ruin in the 
crown forest. Levin went, before going to bed, into his 
host's study to get the books on the labour question that 
Sviazhsky had offered him. Sviazhsky's study was a huge 
room, surrounded by bookcases and with two tables in it — 
one a massive writing-table, standing in the middle of the 
room, and the other a round table, covered with recent num- 
bers of reviews and journals in different languages, ranged 
like the rays of a star round the lamp. On the writing-table 
was a stand of drawers marked with gold lettering, and full 
of papers of various sorts. 

Sviazhsky took out the books, and sat down in a rocking- 
chair. 

'What are you looking at there?' he said to Levin, who 
was standing at the round table looking through the reviews. 

'Oh yes, there's a very interesting article here,' said 
Sviazhsky of the review Levin was holding in his hand. 'It 
appears,' he went on, with eager interest, 'that Friedrich was 
not, after all, the person chiefly responsible for the partition 
of Poland. It is proved . . .' 

And, with his characteristic clearness, he summed up those 
new, very important, and interesting revelations. Although 

446 



ANNA KARENIN 417 

Levin was engrossed at the moment by his ideas about the 
problem of the land, he wondered, as he heard Sviazhsky : 
'What is there inside him? And why, why is he interested 
in the partition of Poland?' When Sviazhsky had finished, 
Levin could not help asking: 'Well, and what then?" But 
there was nothing to follow. It was simply interesting that 
it had been proved to be so and so. But Sviazhsky did not 
explain, and saw no need to explain why it was interesting 
to him. 

'Yes, but I was very much interested by your irritable 
neighbour,' said Levin, sighing, "He's a clever fellow, and 
said a lot that was true.' 

'Oh, get along with you ! An inveterate supporter of 
serfdom at heart, like all of them !' said Sviazhsky. 

'Whose marshal you are.' 

'Yes, only I marshal them in the other direction,' said 
Sviazhsky, laughing. 

'I'll tell you what interests me very much,' said Levin. 
'He's right that our system, that's to say of rational farm- 
ing, doesn't answer, that the only thing that answers is the 
money-lender system, like that meek-looking gentleman's, or 
else the very simplest . . . Whose fault is it?' 

'Our own, of course. Besides, it's not true that it doesn't 
answer. It answers w^ith Vassiltchikov.' 

'A factory . . .' 

'But I really don't know what it is you are surprised at, 
The people are at such a low stage of rational and moral 
development, that it's obvious they're bound to oppose 
everything that's strange to them. In Europe, a rational 
system answers because the people are educated : it follows 
that we must educate the people — that's all.' 

'But how are we to educate the people ?' 

'To educate the people three things are needed: schools, 
and schools, and schools.' 

'But you said yourself the people are at such a low stage 
of material development: what help are schools for that?' 

'Do you know, you remind me of the story of the advice 
given to the sick man — You should try purgative medicine. 
Taken : worse. Try leeches. Tried them : worse. Well, 
then, there's nothing left but to pray to God. Tried it: 



448 LEO TOLSTOY 

worse. That's just how it is with us. I say political econ- 
omy; you say — worse. I say socialism: worse. Education: 
worse.' 

'But how do schools help matters ?' 

'They give the peasant fresh wants.' 

'Well, that's a thing I've never understood,' Levin replied 
with heat. 'In what way are schools going to help the 
people to improve their material position? You say schools, 
education, will give them fresh wants. So much the worse, 
since they won't be capable of satisfying them. And in 
what way a knowledge of addition and subtraction and the 
catechism is going to improve their material condition, I 
never could make out. The day before yesterday, I met a 
peasant woman in the evening with a little baby, and asked 
her where she was going. She said "she was going to the 
wise woman ; her boy had screaming fits, so she was taking 
him to be doctored." I asked, "Why, how does the wise 
woman cure screaming fits?" "She puts the child on the 
hen-roost and repeats some charm . . ." ' 

'Well, you're saying it yourself ! What's wanted to pre- 
vent her taking her child to the hen-roost to cure it of 
screaming fits is just . . .' Sviazhsky said, smiling good- 
humouredly. 

'Oh no!' said Levin with annoyance; 'that method of 
doctoring I merely meant as a simile for doctoring the 
people with schools. The people are poor and ignorant — 
that we see as surely as the peasant woman sees the baby 
is ill because it screams. But in what way this trouble of- 
poverty and ignorance is to be cured by schools is as incom- 
prehensil)le as how the hen-roost affects the screaming. 
What has to be cured is what makes him poor.' 

'Well, in that, at least, you're in agreement with Spencer, 
whom you dislike so much. He says, too, that education 
may be the consequence of greater prosperity and comfort, 
of more frequent washing, as he says, but not of being 
able to read and write . . .' 

'Well, then, I'm very glad — or the contrary, very sorry, 
that I'm in agreement with Spencer; only I've known it a 
long while. Schools can do no good; what will do good is 
an economic organisation in which the people will become 



ANNA KARENIN 449 

richer, will have more leisure — and then there will be 
schools.' 

'Still, all over Europe now schools are obligatory.' 

'And how far do you agree with Spencer yourself about 
it?' asked Levin. 

But there was a gleam of alarm in Sviazhsky's eyes, and 
he said smiling — 

'No ; that screaming story is positively capital ! Did you 
really hear it yourself?' 

Levin saw that he was not to discover the connection 
between this man's life and his thoughts. Obviously he did 
not care in the least what his reasoning led him to; all he 
wanted was the process of reasoning. And he did not like 
it when the process of reasoning brought him into a blind 
alley. That was the only thing he disliked, and avoided by 
changing the conversation to something agreeable and 
amusing. 

All the impressions of the day, beginning with the impres- 
sion made by the old peasant, which served, as it were, as 
the fundamental basis of all the conceptions and ideas of 
the day, threw Levin into violent excitement. This dear 
good Sviazhsky, keeping a stock of ideas simply for social 
purposes, and obviously having some other principles hid- 
den from Levin, while with the crowd, whose name is legion, 
he guided public opinion by ideas he did not share ; that 
irascible country gentleman, perfectly correct in the con- 
clusions that he had been worried into by life, but wrong in 
his exasperation against a whole class, and that the best 
class in Russia ; his own dissatisfaction with the work he 
had been doing, and the vague hope of finding a remedy 
for all this — all was blended in a sense of inward turmoil 
and anticipation of some solution near at hand. 

Left alone in the room assigned him, lying on a spring 
mattress that yielded unexpectedly at every movement of his 
arm or his leg, Levin did not fall asleep for a long while. 
Not one conversation with Sviazhsky, though he had said a 
great deal that was clever, had interested Levin; but the 
conclusions of the irascible landowner required considera- 
tion. Levin could not help recalling every word he had 
said, and in imagination amending his own replies. 



450 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Yes, I ought to have said to him: You say that our hus- 
bandry does not answer because the peasant hates improve- 
ments, and that they must be forced on him by authority. 
If no system of husbandry answered at all without these 
improvements, you would be quite right. But the only system 
that does answer is when the labourer is working in accord- 
ance with his habits, just as on the old peasant's land half- 
way here. Your and our general dissatisfaction with the 
system shows that either we are to blame or the labourers. 
We have gone our way — the European way — a long while, 
without asking ourselves about the qualities of our labour 
force. Let us try to look upon the labour force not as an 
abstract force, but as the Russian peasant with his instincts, 
and we shall arrange our system of culture in accordance 
with that. Imagine. I ought to have said to him, that you 
have the same system as the old peasant has, that you have 
found means of making your labourers take an interest in 
the success of the work, and have found the happy mean in 
the way of improvements which they will admit, and you 
will, without exhausting the soil, get twice or three times the 
yield you got before. Divide it in halves, give half as the 
share of labour, the surplus left you will be greater, and the 
share of labour will be greater too. And to do this one must 
lower the standard of husbandry and interest the labourers 
in its success. How to do this? — that's a matter of detail; 
but undoubtedly it can be done.' 

This idea threw Levin into great excitement. He did not 
sleep half the night, thinking over in detail the putting of his 
idea into practice. He had not intended to go away next 
day, but he now determined to go home early in the morning. 
Besides, the sister-in-law with her low-necked bodice aroused 
in him a feeling akin to shame and remorse for some utterly 
base action. Most imf)ortant of all — he must get back with- 
out delay : he would have to make haste to put his new 
project to the peasants before the sowing of the winter wheat, 
so that the sowing might be undertaken on a new basis. He 
had made up his mind to revolutionise his whole system. 



CHAPTER XXIX 

ff^HE carrying out of Levin's plan presented many diffi- 

1 CLilties; but he struggled on, doing his utmost, and 
-*- attained a result which, though not what he desired, 
was enough to enable him, without self-deception, to believe 
that the attempt was worth the trouble. One of the chief 
difiiculties was that the process of cultivating the land was in 
full swing, that it was impossible to stop everything and 
begin it all again from the beginning, and the machine had 
to be mended while in motion. 

When on the evening that he arrived home he informed 
the bailiff of his plans, the latter with visible pleasure agreed 
with what he said so long as he was pointing out that all that 
had been done up to that time was stupid and useless. The 
bailiff said that he had said so a long while ago, but no heed 
had been paid him. But as for the proposal made by Levin 
— to take a part as shareholder with his labourers in each 
agricultural undertaking — at this the bailiff' simply expressed 
a profound despondency, and offered no definite opinion, but 
began immediately talking of the urgent necessity of carrying 
the remaining sheaves of rye the next day, and of sending 
the men out for the second ploughing, so that Levin felt 
that this was not the time for discussing it. 

On beginning to talk to the peasants about it, and making 
a proposition to cede them the land on new terms, he came 
into collision with the same great difificulty that they were so 
much absorbed by the current work of the day, that they 
had not time to consider the advantages and disadvantages 
of the proposed scheme. 

The simple-hearted Ivan, the cowherd, seemed completely 
to grasp Levin's proposal — that he should with his family take 
a share of the profits of the cattle-yard — and he was in com- 
plete sympathy with the plan. But when Levin hinted at the 
future advantages. Ivan's face expressed alarm and regret 
that he could not hear all he had to say, and he made haste 

-1,51 



452 LEO TOLSTOY 

to find himself some task that would admit of no delay: he 
either snatched up the fork to pitch the hay out of the pens, 
or ran to get water or to clear out the dung. 

Another difficulty lay in the invincible disbelief of the 
peasant that a landowner's object could be anything else than 
a desire to squeeze all he could out of them. They were 
firmly convinced that his real aim (whatever he might say 
to them) would always be in what he did not say to them. 
And they themselves, in giving their opinion, said a great 
deal but never said what was their real object. Moreover 
(Levin felt that the irascible landowner had been right) the 
peasants made their first and unalterable condition of any 
agreement whatever that they should not be forced to any 
new methods of tillage of any kind, nor to use new imple- 
ments. They agreed that the modern plough ploughed better, 
that the scarifier did the work more quickly, but they found 
thousands of reasons that made it out of the question for 
them to use either of them ; and though he had accepted the 
conviction that he would have to lower the standard of culti- 
vation, he felt sorry to give up improved methods, the ad- 
vantages of which were so obvious. But in spite of all these 
difficulties he got his way, and by autumn the system was 
working, or at least so it seemed to him. 

At first Levin had thought of giving up the whole farming 
of the land just as it was to the peasants, the labourers, and 
the bailifif on new conditions of partnership; but he was very 
soon convinced that this was impossible, and determined to 
divide it up. The cattle-yard, the garden, hay-fields, and 
arable land, divided into several parts, had to be made into 
separate lots. The simple-hearted cowherd. Ivan, who. Levin 
fancied, understood the matter better than any of them, 
collecting together a gang of workers to help him. principally 
of his own family, became a partner in the cattle-yard. A 
distant part of the estate, a tract of waste land that had 
lain fallow for eight years, was with the help of the clever 
carpenter, Fyodor Ryezunov, taken by six families of peas- 
ants on new conditions of partnership, and the peasant 
Shuraev took the management of all vegetable gardens on 
the same terms. The remainder of the land was still worked 
on the old system, but these three associated partnerships 



ANNA KARENIN 453 

were the first step to a new organization of the whole, and 
they completely took up Levin's time. 

It is true that in the cattle-yard things went no better than 
before, and Ivan strenuously opposed warm housing for the 
cows and butter made of fresh cream, affirming that cows 
require less food if kept cold, and that butter is more profit- 
able made from sour cream, and he asked for wages just as 
under the old system, and took not the slightest interest in 
the fact that the money he received was not wages but an 
advance out of his future share in the profits. 

It is true that Fyodor Ryezunov's company did not plough 
over the ground twice before sowing, as had been agreed, 
justifying themselves on the plea that the time was too short. 
It is true that the peasants of the same company, though they 
had agreed to work the land on new conditions, always spoke 
of the land, not as held in partnership, but as rented for half 
the crop, and more than once the peasants and Ryezunov 
himself said to Levin, 'If you would take a rent for the land, 
it would save you trouble, and we should be more free.' 
Moreover the same peasants kept putting off, on various 
excuses, the building of a cattle-yard and barn on the land 
as agreed upon, and delayed doing it till the winter. 

It is true that Shuraev would have liked to let out the 
kitchen gardens he had undertaken in small lots to the peas- 
ants. He evidently quite misunderstood, and apparently 
intentionally misunderstood, the conditions upon which the 
land had been given to him. 

Often, too, talking to the peasants and explaining to them 
all the advantages of the plan, Levin felt that the peasants 
heard nothing but the sound of his voice, and were firmly 
resolved, whatever he might say, not to let themselves be 
taken in. He felt this especially when he talked to the clev- 
erest of the peasants, Ryezunov, and detected the gleam in 
Ryezunov's eyes which showed so plainly both ironical amuse- 
ment at Levin, and the firm conviction that, if any one were 
to be taken in, it would not be he, Ryezunov. But in spite 
of all this Levin thought the system worked, and that by 
keeping accounts strictly and insisting on his own way, he 
would prove to them, in the future the advantages of the 
arrangement, and then the system would go of itself. 



454 LEO TOLSTOY 

These matters, together with the management of the land 
still left on his hands, and the indoor work over his book, so 
engrossed Levin the whole summer that he scarcely ever went 
out shooting. At the end of August he heard that the Oblon- 
skys had gone away to Moscow, from their servant who 
brought back the side-saddle. He felt that in not answering 
Darya Alexandrovna's letter he had by his rudeness, of which 
he could not think w'ithout a flush of shame, burned his 
ships, and that he would never go and see them again. He 
had been just as rude with the Sviazhskys, leaving them 
without saying good-bye. But he would never go to see them 
again either. He did not care about that now. The business 
of reorganising the farming of his land absorbed him as 
completely as though there would never be anything else 
in his life. He read the books lent him by Sviazhsky, and 
copying out what he had not got, he read both the economic 
and socialistic books on the subject, but, as he had anticipated, 
found nothing bearing on the scheme he had undertaken. In 
the books on political economy — in Mill, for instance — whom 
he studied first with great ardour, hoping every minute to find 
an answer to the questions that were engrossing him, he 
found laws deduced from the condition of land culture in 
Europe ; but he did not see why these laws, which did not 
apply in Russia, must be general He saw just the same 
thing in the socialistic books: either they were the beautiful 
but impracticable fantasies which had fascinated him when 
he was a student, or they were attempts at improving, recti- 
fying the economic position in which Europe was placed, 
with which the system of land tenure in Russia had nothing in 
common. Political economy told him that the laws by which 
the wealth of Europe had been developed, and was develop- 
ing, were universal and unvarying. Socialism told him that 
development along these lines leads to ruin. And neither of 
them gave an answer, or even a hint, in reply to the question 
that he. Levin and all the Russian peasants and landowners, 
were to do with their millions of hands and millions of acres, 
to make them as productive as possible for the common weal. 

Having once taken the subject up, he read conscientiously 
everything bearing on it. and intended in the autumn to go 
abroad to study land systems on the spot, in order that he 



ANNA KAREXIX 455 

might not on this question be confronted with what so often 
met him on various subjects. Often, just as he was be- 
ginning to understand the idea in the mind of any one he 
was talking to, and was beginning to explain his own, he 
would suddenly be told : "But Kauffmann, but Jones, but 
Dubois, but Michelli ? You haven't read them : they've 
thrashed that question out thoroughly.' 

He saw now distinctly that Kauffmann and Michelli had 
nothing to tell him. He knew what he wanted. He saw that 
Russia has splendid land, splendid labourers, and that in 
certain cases, as at the peasant's on the way to Sviazhsky's, 
the produce raised by the labourers and the land is great — in 
the majority of cases when capital is applied in the European 
way the produce is small, and that this simply arises from the 
fact that the labourers want to work and work well only in 
their own peculiar way, and that this antagonism is not inci- 
dental but invariable, and has its roots in the national spirit. 
He thought that the Russian people whose task it was to 
colonise and cultivate vast tracts of unoccupied land, con- 
sciously adhered, till all their land was occupied, to the 
methods suitable to their purpose, and that their methods 
were by no means so bad as was generally supposed. And 
he wanted to prove this theoretically in his book and practi- 
cally on his land. 



CHAPTER XXX 

AT the end of September the timber had been carted for 
l\ building the cattle-yard on the land that had been 
-*--*- allotted to the association of peasants, and the butter 
from the cows was sold and the profits divided. In practice 
the system worked capitally, or, at least, so it seemed to 
Levin. In order to work out the whole subject theoretically 
and to complete his book, which, in Levin's day-dreams, was 
not merely to effect a revolution in political economy, but to 
annihilate that science entirely and to lay the foundation of 
a new science of the relation of the people to the soil, all 
that was left to do was to make a tour abroad, and to study 
on the spot all that had been done in the same direction, and 
to collect conclusive evidence that all that had been done 
there was not what was wanted. Levin was only waiting for 
the delivery of his wheat to receive the money for it and go 
abroad. But the rains began, preventing the harvesting of 
the corn and potatoes left in the fields, and putting a stop to 
all work, even to the delivery of the wheat. The mud was 
impassable along the roads ; two mills were carried away, 
and the weather got worse and worse. 

On the 30th of September the sun came out in the morning, 
and hoping for fine weather. Levin began making final 
preparations for his journey. He gave orders for the wheat 
to be delivered, sent the bailiff to the merchant to get the 
money owing him, and went out himself to give some final 
directions on the estate before setting off. 

Having finished all his business, soaked through with the 
streams of water which kept running down the leather be- 
hind his neck and his gaiters, but in the keenest and most 
confident temper, Levin returned homewards in the evening. 
The weather had become worse than ever towards evening; 
the hail lashed the drenched mare so cruelly that she went 
along sideways, shaking her head and ears ; but Levin was all 
right under his hood, and he looked cheerfully about him at the 

45G 



ANNA KARENIN 457 

muddy streams running under the wheels, at the drops hang- 
ing on every bare twig, at the whiteness of the patch of 
unmehed hailstones on the planks of the bridge, at the thick 
layer of still juicy, fleshy leaves that lay heaped up about 
the stripped elm-tree. In spite of the gloominess of nature 
around him, he felt peculiarly eager. The talks he had been 
having with the peasants in the further village had shown 
that they were beginning to get used to their new posi- 
tion. The old servant to whose hut he had gone to get 
dry evidently approved of Levin's plan, and of his own 
accord proposed to enter the partnership by the purchase 
of cattle. 

T have only to go stubbornly on towards my aim, and I 
shall attain my end,' thought Levin ; 'and it's something to 
work and take trouble for. This is not a matter of myself 
individually, the question of the public welfare comes into it. 
The whole system of culture, the chief element in the condi- 
tion of the people, must be completely transformed. Instead 
of poverty, general prosperity and content ; instead of 
hostility, harmony and unity of interests. In short, a 
bloodless revolution, but a revolution of the greatest magni- 
tude, beginning in the little circle of our district, then the 
province, then Russia, the whole world. Because a just idea 
cannot but be fruitful. Y^s, it's an aim worth working for. 
And it's being me, Kostya Levin, who went to a ball in a 
black tie, and was refused by the Shtcherbatsky girl, and who 
was intrinsically such a pitiful, worthless creature — that 
proves nothing; I feel sure Franklin felt just as worthless, 
and he too had no faith in himself, thinking of himself as 
a whole. That means nothing. And he too, most likely, 
had an Agafea Mihalovna to whom he confided his secrets.' 

Musing on such thoughts Levin reached home in the 
darkness. 

The bailiff, who had been to the merchant, had come back 
and brought part of the money for the wheat. An agree- 
ment had been made with the old servant, and on the road 
the bailiff had learned that everywhere the corn was still 
standing in the fields, so that his one hundred and sixty 
shocks that had not been carried were nothing in compari- 
son with the losses of others. 

P— 16 



458 LEO TOLSTOY 

After dinner Levin was sitting, as he usually did, in an 
easy chair with a book, and as he read he went on thinking 
of the journey before him in connection with his book. 
To-day all the significance of his book rose before him with 
special distinctness, and whole periods ranged themselves in 
his mind in illustration of his theories. 'I must write that 
down,' he thought. 'That ought to form a brief introduction, 
which I thought unnecessary before.' He got up to go to his 
writing table, and Laska, lying at his feet, got up too, 
stretching and looking at him as though to inquire where to 
go. But he had not time to write it down, for the head 
peasants had come round, and Levin went out into the hall 
to them. 

After his levee, that is to say, giving directions about the 
labours of the next day, and seeing all the peasants who had 
business with him. Levin went back to his study and sat down 
to work. 

Laska lay under the table ; Agafea Mihalovna settled her- 
self in her place with her stocking. 

After writing for a little while. Levin suddenly thought 
with exceptional vividness of Kitty, her refusal, and their 
last meeting. He got up and began walking about the room. 

'What's the use of being dreary?' said Agafea Milhalovna. 
Come, why do you stay on at home? You ought to go to 
some warm springs, especially now you're ready for the 
journey.' 

'Well, I am going away the day after to-morrow, Agafea 
Mihalovna ; I must finish my work.' 

'There, there, your work, you say ! As if you hadn't done 
enough for the peasants ! Why, as 'tis, they're saying, "Your 
master will be getting some honour from the Tsar for it." 
Indeed and it is a strange thing; why need you worry about 
the peasants?' 

'I'm not worrying about them ; I'm doing it for my own 
good.' 

Agafea Mihalovna knew every detail of Levin's plans for 
his land. Levin often put his views before her in all their 
complexity, and not uncommonly he argued with her and did 
not agree with her comments. But on this occasion she en- 
tirely misinterpreted what he had said. 



ANNA KARENIN 459 

'Of one's soul's salvation we all know and must think 
before all else/ she said with a sigh. 'Parfen Denisitch now, 
for all he was no scholar, he died a death that God grant 
every one of us the like,' she said, referring to a servant who 
had died recently. 'Took the sacrament and all.' 

'That's not what I mean,' said he. 'I mean that I'm 
acting for my own advantage. It's all the better for me if 
the peasants do their work better.' 

'Well, whatever you do, if he's a lazy good-for-nought, 
everything will be sixes and sevens. If he has a conscience, 
he'll work, and if not, there's no doing anything.' 

'Oh, come, you say yourself Ivan has begun looking after 
the cattle better.' 

'All I say is,' answered Agafea Mihalovna, evidently not 
speaking at random, but in strict sequence of ideas, 'that 
you ought to get married, that's what I say.' 

Agafea Mihalovna's allusion to the very subject he had 
only just been thinking about, hurt and stung him. Levin 
scowled, and without answering her, he sat down again to 
his work, repeating to himself all that he had been thinking 
of the real significance of that work. Only at intervals he 
listened in the stillness to the click of Agafea Mihalovna's 
needles, and recollecting what he did not want to remember, 
he frowned again. 

At nine o'clock they heard the bell and the faint vibration 
of a carriage over the mud. 

'Well, here's visitors come to us, and you won't be dull,' 
said Agafea Mihalovna, getting up and going to the door. 
But Levin overtook her. His work was not going well now, 
and he was glad of a visitor, whoever it might be. 



CHAPTER XXXI 

RUNNING half-way down the staircase, Levin caught 
a sound he knew, a famiHar cough in the hall. But 
'' he heard it indistinctly through the sound of his own 
footsteps, and hoped he was mistaken. Then he caught sight 
of a long, bony, familiar figure, and now it seemed there was 
no possibility of mistake ; and yet he still went on hoping that 
this tall man taking off his fur cloak and coughing was not 
his brother Nikolay. 

Levin loved his brother, but being with him was always a 
torture. Just now, when Levin, under the influence of the 
thoughts that had come to him, and Agafea Mihalovna's 
hint, was in a troubled and uncertain humour, the meeting 
with his brother that he had to face seemed particularly 
difficult. Instead of a lively, healthy visitor, some outsider 
who would, he hoped, cheer him up in his uncertain humour, 
he had to see his brother, who knew him through and 
through, who would call forth all the thoughts nearest his 
heart, would force him to show himself fully. And that he 
was not disposed to do. 

Angry with himself for so base a feeling, Levin ran into 
the hall ; as soon as he had seen his brother close, this feeling 
of selfish disappointment vanished instantly and was replaced 
by pity. Terrible as his brother Nikolay had been before in 
his emaciation and sickliness, now he looked still more ema- 
ciated, still more wasted. He was a skeleton covered by 
skin. 

He stood in the hall, jerking his long thin neck, and pulling 
the scarf off it, and smiled a strange and pitiful smile. When 
he saw that smile, submissive and humble, Levin felt some- 
thing clutching at his throat. 

'You see I've come to you,' said Nikolay in a thick voice, 
never for one second taking his eyes off his brother's face. 
'I've been meaning to a long while, but I've been unwell all 
the time. Now I'm ever so much better,' he said, rubbing his 
beard with his big thin hands. 

460 



ANNA KARENIN 461 

'Yes, yes !' answered Levin. And he felt still more fright- 
ened when, kissing him, he felt with his lips the dryness of 
his brother's skin and saw close to him his big eyes, full of a 
strange light. 

A few weeks before, Konstantin Levin had written to 
his brother that through the sale of the small part of 
the property, that had remained undivided, there was a 
sum of about two thousand roubles to come to him as his 
share. 

Nikolay said that he had come now to take his money 
and, what was more important, to stay a while in the old 
nest, to get in touch with the earth, so as to renew his 
strength like the heroes of old for the work that lay before 
him. In spite of his exaggerated stoop, and the emacia- 
tion that was so striking from his height, his movements 
were as rapid and abrupt as ever. Levin led him into his 
study. 

His brother dressed with particular care — a thing he never 
used to do — combed his scanty, lank hair, and, smiling, went 
upstairs. 

He was in the most affectionate and good-humoured mood, 
just as Levin often remembered him in childhood. He even 
referred to Sergey Ivanovitch without rancour. When he 
saw Agafea Mihalovna, he made jokes with her and asked 
after the old servants. The news of the death of Parfen 
Denisitch made a painful impression on him. A look of 
fear crossed his face, but he regained his serenity im- 
mediately. 

'Of course he was quite old,' he said, and changed the 
subject. 'Well, I'll spend a month or two with you, and then 
I'm off to Moscow. Do you know, Myakov has promised me 
a place there, and I'm going into the service. Now I'm going 
to arrange my life quite differently,' he went on. 'You 
know I got rid of that woman.' 

'Marya Nikolaevna ? Why, what for?' 

'Oh, she was a horrid woman ! She caused me all sorts 
of worries.' But he did not say what the annoyances were. 
He could not say that he had cast off Marya Nikolaevna 
because the tea was weak, and, above all, because she would 
look after him, as though he were an invalid. 



462 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Besides, I want to turn over a new leaf completely now. 
I've done silly things, of course, like every one else, but 
money's the last consideration; I don't regret it. So 
long as there's health, and my health, thank God, is quite 
restored.' 

Levin listened and racked his brains, but could think of 
nothing to say. Nikolay probably felt the same ; he began 
questioning his brother about his affairs ; and Levin was glad 
to talk about himself, because then he could speak without 
hypocrisy. He told his brother of his plans and his doings. 

His brother listened, but evidently he was not interested 
by it. 

These two men were so akin, so near each other, that the 
slightest gesture, the tone of voice, told both more than 
could be said in words. 

Both of them now had only one thought — the illness of 
Nikolay and the nearness of his death — which stifled all else. 
But neither of them dared to speak of it, and so whatever 
they said — not uttering the one thought that filled their minds 
— was all falsehood. Never had Levin been so glad when 
the evening was over and it was time to go to bed. Never 
with any outside person, never on any official visit had he 
been so unnatural and false as he was that evening. And 
the consciousness of this unnaturalness, and the remorse 
he felt at it, made him even more unnatural. He 
wanted to weep over his dying, dearly loved brother, and 
he had to listen and keep on talking of how he meant 
to live. 

As the house was damp, and only one bedroom had been 
kept heated, Levin put his brother to sleep in his own bed- 
room behind a screen. 

His brother got into bed, and whether he slept or did not 
sleep, tossed about like a sick man, coughed, and when he 
could not get his throat clear, mumbled something. Some- 
times when his breathing was painful, he said, 'Oh. my God !' 
Sometimes when he was choking he muttered angrily, 'Ah, 
the devil !' Levin could not sleep for a long while, hearing 
him. His thoughts were of the most various, but the end 
of all his thoughts was the same — death. Death, the inevi- 
table end of all, for the first time presented itself to him with 



ANNA KARENIN 463 

irresistible force. And death, which was here in this loved 
brother, groaning half asleep and from habit calling without 
distinction on God and the devil, was not so remote as it 
had hitherto seemed to him. It was in himself too he felt 
that. If not to-day, to-morrow, if not to-morrow, in thirty 
years, wasn't it all the same ! And what was this inevitable 
death — he did not know, had never thought about it, and 
what was more, had not the power, had not the courage to 
think about it. 

'I work, I want to do something, but I had forgotten it 
must all end ; I had forgotten — death.' 

He sat on his bed in the darkness, crouched up, hugging 
his knees, and holding his breath from the strain of thought, 
he pondered. 

But the more intensely he thought, the clearer it be- 
came to him that it was indubitably so, that in reality, 
looking upon life, he had forgotten one little fact — that death 
will come, and all ends ; that nothing was even worth begin- 
ning, and that there was no helping it any way. Yes, it was 
awful, but it was so. 

'But I am alive still. Now what's to be done? what's to 
be done?' he said in despair. He lighted a candle, got up 
cautiously and went to the looking-glass, and began looking 
at his face and hair. Yes, there were grey hairs about his 
temples. He opened his mouth. His back teeth were begin- 
ning to decay. He bared his muscular arms. Yes, there was 
strength in them. But Nikolay, who lay there breathing with 
what was left of lungs, had had a strong, healthy body too. 
And suddenly he recalled how they used to go to bed together 
as children, and how they only waited till Fyodor Bogdanitch 
was out of the room to fling pillows at each other and laugh, 
laugh irrepressibly, so that even their awe of Fyodor Bog- 
danitch could not check the efifervescing, overbrimming sense 
of life and happiness. 'And now that bent, hollow chest 
. . . and I, not knowing what will become of me, or 
wherefore . . .' 

'K . . . ha ! K . . . ha ! Damnation ! Why do you 
keep fidgeting, why don't you go to sleep ?' his brother's voice 
called to him. 

'Oh, I don't know; I'm not sleepy.' 



464 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I have had a good sleep, I'm not in a sweat now. Just 
see, feel my shirt ; it's not wet, is it ?' 

Levin felt, withdrew behind the screen, and put out the 
candle, but for a long while he could not sleep. The question 
how to live had hardly begun to grow a little clearer to him, 
when a new, insoluble question presented itself — death. 

'Why, he's dying — yes, he'll die in the spring, and how 
help him? What can I say to him? What do I know about 
it? I'd even forgotten that it was at all.' 



CHAPTER XXXII 

1EVIN had long before made the observation that when 
. one is uncomfortable with people from their being 
■ excessively amenable and meek, one is apt very soon 
after to find things intolerable from their touchiness and 
irritability. He felt that this was how it would be with his 
brother. And his brother Nikolay's gentleness did in fact 
not last out for long. The very next morning he began to 
be irritable, and seemed doing his best to find fault with 
his brother, attacking him on his tenderest points. 

Levin felt himself to blame, and could not set things right. 
He felt that if they had both not kept up appearances, but 
had spoken, as it is called, from the heart — that is to say, 
had said only just what they were thinking and feeling — 
they would simply have looked into each other's faces, and 
Konstantin could only have said, 'You're dying, you're dying !' 
and Nikolay could only have answered, 'I know I'm dying, 
but I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid !' And they could 
have said nothing more, if they had said only what was in 
their hearts. But life like that was impossible, and so 
Konstantin tried to do what he had been trying to do all his 
life, and never could learn to do, though, as far as he could 
observe, many people knew so well how to do it, and without 
it there was no living at all. He tried to say what he was 
not thinking, but he felt continually that it had a ring of 
falsehood, that his brother detected him in it, and was 
exasperated at it. 

The third day Nikolay induced his brother to explain his 
plan to him again, and began not merely attacking it, but 
intentionally confounding it with communism. 

'You've simply borrowed an idea that's not your own, but 
you've distorted it, and are trying to apply it where it's not 
applicable.' 

'But I tell you it's nothing to do with it. They deny the 
justice of property, of capital, of inheritance, while I do not 

465 



466 LEO TOLSTOY 

deny this chief stimulus.' (Levin felt disgusted himself at 
using such expressions, but ever since he had been engrossed 
by his work, he had unconsciously come more and more fre- 
quently to use words not Russian.) 'AH I want is to regulate 
labour.' 

'Which means, you've borrowed an idea, stripped it of all 
that gave it its force, and want to make believe that it's some- 
thing new,' said Nikolay, angrily tugging at his necktie. 

'But my idea has nothing in common . . .' 

'That, anyway,' said Nikolay Levin, with an ironical smile, 
his eyes flashing malignantly, "has the charm of — what's one 
to call it? — geometrical symmetry, of clearness, of definite- 
ness. It may be a Utopia. But if once one allows the 
possibility of making of all the past a tabula rasa — no prop- 
erty, no family — then labour would organise itself. But you 
gain nothing . . .' 

'Why do you mix things up? I've never been a com- 
munist.' 

'But I have, and I consider it's premature, but rational, and 
it has a future, just like Christianity in its first ages.' 

'All that I maintain is that the labour force ought to be 
investigated from the point of view of natural science; that 
is to say, it ought to be studied, its qualities ascertained . . .' 

'But that's utter waste of time. That force finds a certain 
form of activity of itself, according to the stage of its devel- 
opment. There have been slaves first everywhere, then 
metayers; and we have the half-crop system, rent, and day- 
labourers. What are you trying to find?' 

Levin suddenly lost his temper at these words, because at 
the bottom of his heart he was afraid that it was true — true 
that he was trying to hold the balance even between com- 
munism and the familiar forms, and that this was hardly 
possible. 

'I am trying to find means of working productively for 
myself and for the labourers. I want to organise . . .' he 
answered hotly. 

'You don't want to organise anything; it's simply just as 
you've been all your life, that you want to be original, to 
pose as not exploiting the peasants simply, but with some 
idea in view.' 



ANNA KARENIN 467 

'Oh, all right, that's what you think — and let me alone !' 
answered Levin, feeling the muscles of his left cheek twitch- 
ing uncontrollably. 

'You've never had, and never have, convictions; all you 
want is to please your vanity.' 

'Oh, very well; then let me alone!' 

'And I will let you alone ! and it's high time I did, and go 
to the devil with you ! and I'm very sorry I ever came !' 

In spite of all Levin's efforts to soothe his brother after- 
wards, Nikolay would listen to nothing he said, declaring 
that it was better to part, and Konstantin saw that it simply 
was that life was unbearable to him. 

Nikolay was just getting ready to go, when Konstantin 
went in to him again and begged him, rather unnaturally, to 
forgive him if he had hurt his feelings in any way. 

'Ah, generosity !' said Nikolay. and he smiled. 'If you 
want to be right, I can give you that satisfaction. You're in 
the right; but I'm going all the same.' 

It was only just at parting that Nikolay kissed him, and 
said, looking with sudden strangeness and seriousness at his 
brother — 

'Anyway, don't remember evil against me, Kostya !' and 
his voice quivered. These were the only words that had 
been spoken sincerely between them. Levin knew that those 
words meant, 'You see, and you know, that I'm in a bad way, 
and may be we shall not see each other again.' Levin knew 
this, and the tears gushed from his eyes. He kissed his 
brother once more, but he could not speak, and knew not 
what to say. 

Three days after his brother's departure. Levin too set off 
for his foreign tour. Happening to meet Shtcherbatsky, 
Kitty's cousin, in the railway train. Levin greatly astonished 
him by his depression. 

'What's the matter with you ?' Shtcherbatsky asked him. 

'Oh, nothing; there's not much happiness in life/ 

'Not much? You come with me to Paris instead of to 
Mulhausen. You shall see how to be happy.' 

'No, I've done with it all. It's time I was dead.* 

'Well, that's a good one!' said Shtcherbatsky, laughing; 
'why, I'm only just getting ready to begin.' 



468 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Yes, I thought the same not long ago, but now I know I 
shall soon be dead.' 

Levin said what he had genuinely been thinking of late. 
He saw nothing but death or the advance towards death in 
everything. But his cherished scheme only engrossed him 
the more. Life had to be got through somehow till death 
did come. Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; 
but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding 
clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and 
clung to it with all his strength. 



PART IV 



CHAPTER I 

THE Karenins, husband and wife, continued living in 
the same house, met every day, but were complete 
strangers to one another. Alexey Alexandrovitch 
made it a rule to see his wife every day, so that the servants 
might have no grounds for suppositions, but avoided dining 
at home. Vronsky was never at Alexey Alexandrovitch's 
house, but Anna saw him away from home, and her husband 
was aware of it. 

The position was one of misery for all three ; and not one 
of them would have been equal to enduring this position for 
a single day, if it had not been for the expectation that it 
would change, that it was merely a temporary, painful ordeal 
which would pass over. Alexey Alexandrovitch hoped that 
this passion would pass, as everything does pass, that every 
one would forget about it, and his name would remain unsul- 
lied. Anna, on whom the position depended, and for whom 
it was more miserable than for any one, endured it because 
she not merely hoped, but firmly believed, that it would all 
very soon be settled and come right. She had not the least 
idea what would settle the position, but she firmly believed 
that something would very soon turn up now. Vronsky, 
against his own will or wishes, following her lead, hoped too 
that something, apart from his own action, would be sure 
to solve all difficulties. 

In the middle of the winter Vronsky spent a very tire- 
some week. A foreign prince, who had come on a visit to 
Petersburg, was put under his charge, and he had to show 
him the sights worth seeing. Vronsky was of distinguished 
appearance; he possessed, moreover, the art of behaving 
with respectful dignity, and was used to having to do 
with such grand personages — that was how he came to be 

469 



470 LEO TOLSTOY 

put in charge of the prince. But he feh his duties very 
irksome. The prince was anxious to miss nothing of which 
he would be asked at home, had he seen that in Russia? 
And on his own account he was anxious to enjoy to the 
utmost all Russian forms of amusement. Vronsky was 
obliged to be his guide in satisfying both these inclinations. 
The mornings they spent driving to look at places of inter- 
est; the evenings they passed enjoying the national enter- 
tainments. The prince rejoiced in health exceptional even 
among princes. By gymnastics and careful attention to his 
health he had brought himself to such a point that in 
spite of his excesses in pleasure he looked as fresh as a big 
glossy green Dutch cucumber. The prince had travelled a 
great deal, and considered one of the chief advantages of 
modern facilities of communication was the accessibility of 
the pleasures of all nations. 

He had been in Spain, and there had indulged in serenades 
and had made friends with a Spanish girl who played the 
mandoline. In Switzerland he had killed chamois. In 
England he had galloped in a red coat over hedges and 
killed two hundred pheasants for a bet. In Turkey he had 
got into a harem ; in India he had hunted on an elephant, 
and now in Russia he wished to taste all the specially Rus- 
sian forms oi pleasure. 

Vronsky, who was, as it were, chief master of the cere- 
monies to him, was at great pains to arrange all the Rus- 
sian amusements suggested by various persons to the prince. 
They had race-horses, and Russian pancakes and bear- 
hunts and three-horse sledges, and gypsies and drinking 
feasts, with the Russian accompaniment of broken crockery. 
And the prince with surprising ease fell in with the Russian 
spirit, smashed trays full of crockery, sat with a gypsy 
girl on his knee, and seemed to be asking — what more, 
and does the whole Russian spirit consist in just this? 

In reality, of all the Russian entertainments the prince 
liked best French actresses and ballet-dancers and white- 
seal champagne. Vronsky was used to princes, but, either 
because he had himself changed of late, or that he was in too 
close proximity to the prince, that week seemed fearfully 
wearisome to him. The whole of that week he experienced 



ANNA KARENIN 471 

a sensation such as a man might have set in charge of a 
dangerous madman, afraid of the madman, and at the 
same time, from being with him, fearing for his own reason. 
Vronsky was continually conscious of the necessity of never 
for a second relaxing the tone of stern official respectful- 
ness, that he might not himself be insulted. The prince's 
manner of treating the very people who, to Vronsky's sur- 
prise, were ready to descend to any depths to provide him 
with Russian amusements, was contemptuous. His criticisms 
of Russian women, whom he wished to study, more than 
once made Vronsky crimson with indignation. The chief 
reason why the prince was so particularly disagreeable to 
Vronsky was that he could not help seeing himself in him. 
And what he saw in this mirror did not gratify his 
self-esteem. He was a very stupid and very self-satisfied 
and very healthy and very well-washed man, and nothing 
else. He was a gentleman — that was true, and Vronsky 
could not deny it. He was equable and not cringing with 
his superiors, was free and ingratiating in his behaviour 
with his equals, and was contemptuously indulgent with his 
inferiors. Vronsky was himself the same, and regarded 
it as a great merit to be so. But for this prince he was 
an inferior, and his contemptuous and indulgent attitude to 
him revolted him. 

'Brainless beef! can I be like that?' he thought. 

Be that as it might, when, on the seventh day, he parted 
from the prince, who was starting for Moscow, and received 
his thanks, he was happy to be rid of his uncomfortable 
position and the unpleasant reflection of himself. He said 
good-bye to him at the station on their return from a bear- 
hunt, at which they had had a display of Russian prowess 
kept up all night. 



CHAPTER II 

WHEN he got home, Vronsky found there a note 
from Anna. She wrote, 'I am ill and unhappy. 
I cannot come out, but I cannot go on longer with- 
out seeing you. Come in this evening. Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch goes to the council at seven and will be there till ten.' 
Thinking for an instant of the strangeness of her bidding 
him come straight to her, in spite of her husband's insist- 
ing on her not receiving him, he decided to go. 

Vronsky had that winter got his promotion, was now a 
colonel, had left the regimental quarters, and was living 
alone. After having some lunch, he lay down on the sofa 
immediately, and in five minutes memories of the hideous 
scenes he had witnessed during the last few days were con- 
fused together and joined on to a mental image of Anna 
and of the peasant who had played an important part in 
the bear-hunt, and Vronsky fell asleep. He waked up in the 
dark, trembling with horror, and made haste to light a 
candle. 'What was it? What? What was the dreadful 
thing I dreamed? Yes, yes; I think a little dirty man with 
a dishevelled beard was stooping down doing something, 
and all of a sudden he began saying some strange words 
in French. Yes, there was nothing else in the dream,' he 
said to himself. 'But why was it so awful?' He vividly 
recalled the peasant again and those incomprehensible French 
words the peasant had uttered, and a chill of horror ran 
down his spine. 

'What nonsense !' thought Vronsky, and glanced at his 
watch. 

It was half-past eight already. He rang up his servant, 
dressed in haste, and went out on to the steps, completely 
forgetting the dream and only worried at being late. As 
he drove up to the Karenins' entrance he looked at his 
watch and saw it was ten minutes to nine. A high, narrow 

472 



ANNA KARENIN 473 

carnage with a pair of greys was standing at the entrance. 
He recognised Anna's carriage. 'She is coming to me,' 
thought Vronsky, 'and better she should. I don't like going 
into that house. But no matter ; I can't hide myself,' he 
thought, and with that manner peculiar to him from child- 
hood, as of a man who has nothing to be ashamed of, 
Vronsky got out of his sledge and went to the door. The 
door opened, and the hall-porter with a rug on his arm called 
the carriage. Vronsky, though he did not usually notice 
details, noticed at this moment the amazed expression with 
which the porter glanced at him. In the very doorway 
Vronsky almost ran up against Alexey Alexandrovitch. 
The gas jet threw its full light on the bloodless, sunken 
face under the black hat and on the white cravat, brilliant 
against the beaver of the coat. Karenin's fixed, dull eyes 
were fastened upon Vronsky's face. Vronsky bowed, and 
Alexey Alexandrovitch, chewing his lips, lifted his hand to 
his hat and went on. Vronsky saw him without looking 
round get into the carriage, pick up the rug and the opera- 
glass at the window and disappear. Vronsky went into 
the hall. His brows were scowling, and his eyes gleamed 
with a proud and angry light in them. 

'What a position !' he thought. 'H he v/ould fight, would 
stand up for his honour, I could act, could express my 
feelings ; but this weakness or baseness . . . He puts me in 
the position of playing false, which I never meant and 
never mean to do.' 

Vronsky's ideas had changed since the day of his conver- 
sation with Anna in the Vrede garden. Unconsciously 
yielding to the weakness of Anna — who had surrendered 
herself up to him utterly, and simply looked to him to 
decide her fate, ready to submit to anything — he had long 
ceased to think that their tie might end as he had thought 
then. His ambitious plans had retreated into the back- 
ground again, and feeling that he had got out of that circle 
of activity in which everything was definite, he had given 
himself entirely to his passion, and that passion was binding 
him more and more closely to her. 

He was still in the hall when he caught the sound of her 
retreating footsteps. He knew she had been expecting 



474 LEO TOLSTOY 

him, had listened for him, and was now going back to the 
drawing-room. 

'No,' she cried, on seeing him, and at the first sound of 
her voice the tears came into her eyes. 'No ; if things are 
to go on like this, the end will come much, much too soon.' 

'What is it, dear one?' 

'What? I've been waiting in agony for an hour, two 
hours. . . . No, I won't ... I can't quarrel with you. Of 
course you couldn't come. No, I won't.' She laid her two 
hands on his shoulders, and looked a long while at him 
with a profound, passionate, and at the same time search- 
ing look. She was studying his face to make up for the 
time she had not seen him. She was, every time she saw 
him, making the picture of him in her imagination (incom- 
parably superior, impossible in reality) fit with him as he 
really was. 



CHAPTER III 

YOU met him?' she asked, when they had sat down 
at the table in the lamp-light. 'You're punished, 
you see, for being late.' 

'Yes; but how was it? Wasn't he to be at the council?' 

'He had been and come back, and was going out some- 
where again. But that's no matter. Don't talk about it. 
Where have you been? With the prince still?' 

She knew every detail of his existence. He was going to 
say that he had been up all night and had dropped asleep, 
but looking at her thrilled and rapturous face, he was 
ashamed. And he said he had had to go to report on the 
prince's departure. 

'But it's over now? He is gone?' 

'Thank God it's over ! You wouldn't believe how insuf- 
ferable it's been for me.' 

'Why so? Isn't it the life all of you, all young men, 
always lead ?' she said, knitting her brows ; and taking up 
the crochet-work that was lying on the table, she began 
drawing the hook out of it, without looking at Vronsky. 

'I gave that life up long ago,' said he, wondering at the 
change in her face, and trying to divine its meaning. 'And 
I confess,' he said, with a smile, showing his thick, white 
teeth, 'this week I've been, as it were, looking at myself 
in a glass, seeing that life, and I didn't like it.' 

She held the work in her hands, but did not crochet, and 
looked at him with strange, shining, and hostile eyes. 

'This morning Liza came to see me — they're not afraid 
to call on me, in spite of the Countess Lidia Ivanovna,' she 
put in — 'and she told me about your Athenian evening. 
How loathsome !' 

'I was just going to say . . .' 

She interrupted him. 

'It was that Therese you used to know?' 

'I was just saying . . .' 

475 



476 LEO TOLSTOY 

'How disgusting you are, you men ! How is it you can't 
understand that a woman can never forget that,' she said, 
getting more and more angry, and so letting him see the 
cause of her irritation, 'especially a woman who cannot 
know your life? What do I know? What have I ever 
known ?' she said, 'what you tell me. And how do I know 
whether you tell me the truth ? . . .' 

'Anna, you hurt me. Don't you trust me? Haven't I 
told you that I haven't a thought I wouldn't lay bare to you ?' 

'Yes, yes,' she said, evidently trying .to suppress her jealous 
thoughts. 'But if only you knew how wretched I am ! I 
believe you, I believe you. . . . What were you saying?' 

But he could not at once recall what he had been going to 
say. These fits of jealousy, which of late had been more 
and more frequent with her, horrified him, and however 
much he tried to disguise the fact, made him feel cold to 
her, although he knew the cause of her jealousy was her 
love for him. How often he had told himself that her 
love was happiness ; and now she loved him as a woman 
can love when love has outweighed for her all the good 
things of life — and he was much further from happiness 
than when he had followed her from Moscow. Then he had 
thought himself unhappy, but happiness was before him; 
now he felt that the best happiness was already left behind. 
She was utterly unlike what she had been when he first saw 
her. Both morally and physically she had changed for the 
worse. She had broadened out all over, and in her face 
at the time when she was speaking of the actress there 
was an evil expression of hatred that distorted it. He looked 
at her as a man looks at a faded flower he has gathered, 
with difficulty recognising in it the beauty for which he 
picked and ruined it. And in spite of this he felt that 
then, when his love was stronger, he could, if he had 
greatly wished it, have torn that love out of his heart ; but 
now, when as at that moment it seemed to him he felt no 
love for her, he knew that what bound him to her could 
not be broken. 

'Well, well, what was it you were going to say about the 
prince? I have driven away the fiend,' she added. The 
fiend was the name they had given her jealousy. 'What 



ANNA KARENIN 477 

did you begin to tell me about the prince ? Why did you 
find it so tiresome?' 

'Oh, it was intolerable !' he said, trying to pick up the 
thread of his interrupted thought. 'He does not improve on 
closer acquaintance. If you want him defined, here he is: 
a prime, well-fed beast such as takes medals at the cattle- 
shows, and nothing more,' he said, with a tone of vexation 
that interested her. 

'No; how so?' she replied. 'He's seen a great deal, any 
way; he's cultured?' 

'It's an utterly different culture — their culture. He's 
cultivated, one sees, simply to be able to despise culture, as 
they despise everything but animal pleasures.' 

'But don't you all care for these animal pleasures?' she 
said, and again he noticed a dark look in her eyes that 
avoided him. 

'How is it you're defending him?' he said, smiling. 

'I'm not defending him, it's nothing to me ; but I imagine, 
if you had not cared for those pleasures yourself, you might 
have got out of them. But if it affords you satisfaction to 
gaze at Therese in the attire of Eve . . .' 

'Again, the devil again,' Vronsky said, taking the hand 
she had laid on the table and kissing it. 

'Yes ; but I can't help it. You don't know what I have 
suffered waiting for you. I believe I'm not jealous. I'm not 
jealous: I believe you when you're here; but when you're 
away somewhere leading your life, so incomprehensible to 
me . . .' 

She turned away from him, pulled the hook at last out of 
the crochet-work, and rapidly, with the help of her fore- 
finger, began working loop after loop of the wool that was 
dazzling white in the lamplight, while the slender wrist 
moved swiftly, nervously in the embroidered cuff. 

'How was it, then? Where did you meet Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch?' Her voice sounded in an unnatural and jarring 
tone. 

'We ran up against each other in the doorway.' 

'And he bowed to you like this?' 

She drew a long face, and half-closing her eyes, quickly 
transformed her expression, folded her hands, and Vronsky 



478 LEO TOLSTOY 

suddenly saw in her beautiful face the very expression with 
which Alexey Alexandrovitch had bowed to him. He smiled, 
while she laughed gaily, with that sweet, deep laugh, which 
was one of her greatest charms. 

'I don't understand him in the least," said Vronsky. 'If 
after your avowal to him at your country house he had 
broken with you, if he had called me out — but this I can't 
understand. How can he put up with such a position? He 
feels it, that's evident.' 

'He?' she said sneeringly. 'He's perfectly satisfied.' 

'What are we all miserable for, when everything might 
be so happy?' 

^Only not he. Don't I know him, the falsity in which 
he's utterly steeped? . . . Could one, with any feeling, live 
as he is living with me? He understands nothing, and 
feels nothing. Could a man of any feeling live in the same 
house with his unfaithful wife? Could he talk to her, call 
her "my dear"?' 

And again she could not help mimicking him : ' "Anna, 
ma chere; Anna, dear !" ' 

'He's not a man, not a human being — he's a doll ! No 
one knows him; but I know him. Oh, if I'd been in his place, 
I'd long ago have killed, have torn to pieces a wife like me. 
I wouldn't have said, "Anna, ma chere" ! He's not a man, 
he's an official machine. He doesn't understand that I'm 
your wife, that he's outside, that he's superfluous. . . . Don't 
let's talk of him ! . . .' 

'You're unfair, very unfair, dearest,' said Vronsky, trying 
to soothe her. 'But never mind, don't let's talk of him. Tell 
me what you've been doing ? What is the matter ? What 
has been wrong with you, and what did the doctor say ?' 

She looked at him with mocking amusement. Evidently 
she had hit on other absurd and grotesque aspects in her 
husband, and was awaiting the moment to give expression 
to them. But he went on — 

'I imagine that it's not illness, but your condition. 
When will it be?' 

The ironical light died away in her eyes, but a different 
smile, a consciousness of something, he did not know what, 
and of quiet melancholy, came over her face. 



ANNA KARENIN 479 

'Soon, soon. You say that our position is miserable, that 
we must put an end to it. If you knew how terrible it is to 
me, what I would give to be able to love you freely and 
boldly ! I shall not torture myself and torture you with my 
jealousy. . . . And it will come soon, but not as we expect.' 

And at the thought of how it would come, she seemed so 
pitiable to herself that tears came into her eyes, and she 
could not go on. She laid her hand on his sleeve, dazzling 
and white with its rings in the lamplight. 

'It won't come as we suppose. I didn't mean to say this 
to you, but you've made me. Soon, soon, all will be over, 
and we shall all, all be at peace, and suffer no more.' 

*I don't understand,' he said, understanding her. 

'You asked when? Soon. And I shan't live through it. 
Don't interrupt me !' and she made haste to speak. 'I know 
it; I know it for certain. I shall die; and I'm very glad I 
shall die, and release myself and you.' 

Tears dropped from her eyes ; he bent down over her 
hand and began kissing it, trying to hide his emotion, which, 
he knew, had no sort of grounds, though he could not con- 
trol it. 

'Yes, it's better so,' she said, tightly gripping his hand. 
'That's the only way, the only way left us.' 

He had recovered himself, and lifted his head. 

'How absurd ! What absurd nonsense you are talking !' 

'No, it's the truth.' 

'What, what's the truth?' 

'That I shall die. I have had a dream.' 

'A dream ?' repeated Vronsky, and instantly he recalled the 
peasant of his dream. 

'Yes, a dream,' she said. 'It's a long while since I dreamed 
it. I dreamed that I ran into my bedroom, that I had to 
get something there, to find out something ; you know how 
it is in dreams,' she said, her eyes wide with horror ; 'and 
in the bedroom, in the corner, stood something.' 

'Oh, what nonsense ! How can you believe . . .' 

But she would not let him interrupt her. What she was 
saying was too important to her. 

'And the something turned round, and I saw it was a 
peasant with a dishevelled beard, little, and dreadful-look- 



480 LEO TOLSTOY 

ing. I wanted to run away, but he bent down over a sack, 
and was fumbling there with his hands . . .' 

She showed how he had moved his hands. There was 
terror in her face. And Vronsky, remembering his dream, 
felt the same terror filling his soul. 

'He was fumbling and kept talking quickly, quickly in 
French, you know : II faut le hattrc, Ic fcr, le hroyer, le 
petrir. . . . And in my horror I tried to wake up, and woke 
up . . . but woke up in the dream. And I began asking 
myself what it meant. And Korney said to me: "In child- 
birth you'll die, ma'am, you'll die. . . ." And I woke up.' 

'What nonsense, what nonsense !' said Vronsky ; but he 
felt himself that there was no conviction in his voice. 

'But don't let's talk of it. Ring the bell, I'll have tea. 
And stay a little, now ; it's not long I shall . . .' 

But all at once she stopped. The expression of her face 
instantaneously changed. Horror and excitement were sud- 
denly replaced by a look of soft, solemn, blissful attention. 
He could not comprehend the meaning of the change. She 
was listening to the stirring of the new life within her. 



CHAPTER IV 

A LEXEY ALEXANDROVITCH, after meeting Vronsky 
/-\ on his own steps, drove, as he had intended, to the 
•^ — *- Italian opera. He sat through two acts there, and 
saw every one he had wanted to see. On returning home, 
he carefully scrutinised the hat-stand, and noticing that 
there was not a military overcoat there, he went, as usual, 
to his own room. But, contrary to his usual habit, he did 
not go to bed, he walked up and down his study till three 
o'clock in the morning. The feeling of furious anger with 
his wife, who would not observe the proprieties and keep 
to the one stipulation he had laid on her, not to receive 
her lover in her own house, gave him no peace. She had 
not complied with his request, and he was bound to punish 
her and carry out his threat — obtain a divorce and take away 
his son. 

He knew all the difficulties connected with this course, 
but he had said he would do it, and now he must carry 
out his threat. Countess Lidia Ivanovna had hinted that 
this was the best way out of his position, and of late the 
obtaining of divorces had been brought to such perfection, 
that Alexey Alexandrovitch saw a possibility of overcom- 
ing the formal difficulties. Misfortunes never come singly, 
and the affairs of the reorganisation of the native tribes, 
and of the irrigation of the lands of the Zaraisky province, 
had brought such official worries upon Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch, that he had been of late in a continual condition of 
extreme irritability. 

He did not sleep the whole night, and his fury growing in 
a sort of vast, arithmetical progression, reached its highest 
limits in the morning. He dressed in haste, and as though 
carrying his cup full of wrath, and fearing to spill any over, 
fearing to lose with his wrath the energy necessary for 
the interview with his wife, he went into her room directly 
he heard she was up. 

481 



482 LEO TOLSTOY 

Anna, who thought she knew her husband so well, was 
amazed at his appearance when he went in to her. His brow 
was lowering, and his eyes stared darkly before him, avoid- 
ing her eyes; his mouth was tightly and contemptuously 
shut. In his walk, in his gestures, in the sound of his 
voice there was a determination and firmness such as his 
wife had never seen in him. He went into her room, and 
without greeting her, walked straight up to her writing- 
table, and taking her keys, opened a drawer. 

'What do you want?' she cried. 

'Your lover's letters,' he said. 

'They're not here/ she said, shutting the drawer ; but from 
that action he saw he had guessed right, and roughly push- 
ing away her hand, he quickly snatched a portfolio in which 
he knew she used to put her most important papers. She 
tried to pull the portfolio away, but he pushed her back. 

'Sit down ! I have to speak to you,' he said, putting the 
portfolio under his arm, and squeezing it so tightly with 
his elbow that his shoulder stood up. Amazed and intimi- 
dated, she gazed at him in silence. 

'I told you that I would not allow you to receive your 
lover in this house.' 

'I had to see him to . . .' 

She stopped, not finding a reason. 

'I do not enter into the details of why a woman wants to 
see her lover.' 

'I meant, I only . . .' she said, flushing hotly. This coarse- 
ness of his angered her, and gave her courage. 'Surely you 
must feel how easy it is for you to insult me ?' she said. 

'An honest man and an honest woman may be insulted, 
but to tell a thief he's a thief is simply la constatation d'un 
fait.' 

'This cruelty is something new I did not know in you.' 

'You call it cruelty for a husband to give his wife liberty, 
giving her the honourable protection of his name, simply 
on the condition of observing the proprieties: is that 
cruelty ?' 

'It's worse than cruel — it's base, if you want to know !' 
Anna cried, in a rush of hatred, and getting up, she was 
going away. 



ANNA KARENIN 483 

'No !' he shrieked, in his shrill voice, which pitched a note 
higher than usual even, and his big hands clutching her by 
the arm so violently that red marks were left from the 
bracelet he was squeezing, he forcibly sat her down in her 
place. 

'Base ! If you care to use that word, what is base is to 
forsake husband and child for a lover, while you eat your 
husband's bread !' 

She bowed her head. She did not say what she had said 
the evening before to her lover, that he was her husband, 
and her husband was superfluous ; she did not even think 
that. She felt all the justice of his words, and only said 
softly — 

'You cannot describe my position as worse than I feel it 
to be myself; but what are you saying all this for?' 

'What am I saying it for? what for?' he went on, as 
angrily. 'That you may know that since you have not 
carried out my wishes in regard to observing outward 
decorum, I will take measures to put an end to this state of 
things.' 

'Soon, very soon, it will end, any way,' she said ; and again 
at the thought of death near at hand and now desired, 
tears came into her eyes. 

'It will end sooner than you and your lover have planned ! 
If you must have the satisfaction of animal passion . . .' 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch ! I won't say it's not generous, 
but it's not like a gentleman to strike any one who's 
down.' 

'Yes, you only think of yourself ! But the sufferings of a 
man who was your husband have no interest for you. You 
don't care that his whole life is ruined, that he is thuff . . . 
thuff . . .' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch was speaking so quickly that he 
stammered, and was utterly unable to articulate the word 
'suffering.' In the end he pronounced it 'thuffering.' She 
wanted to laugh, and was immediately ashamed that any- 
thing could amuse her at such a moment. And for the 
first time, for an instant, she felt for him, put herself in his 
place, and was sorry for him. But what could she say or 
do? Her head sank, and she sat silent. He too was silent 



484 LEO TOLSTOY 

for some time, and then began speaking in a frigid, less shrill 
voice, emphasising random words that had no special 
significance. 

'I came to tell you . . .' he said. 

She glanced at him. 'No, it was my fancy,' she thought, 
recalling the expression of his face when he stumbled over 
the word 'suffering.' 'No; can a man with those dull eyes, 
with that self-satisfied complacency, feel anything?' 

'I cannot change anything,' she whispered. 

'I have come to tell you that I am going to-morrow to 
Moscow, and shall not return again to this house, and you 
will receive notice of what I decide through the lawyer 
into whose hands I shall intrust the task of getting a divorce. 
My son is going to my sister's,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, 
with an effort recalling what he had meant to say about his 
son. 

'You take Seryozha to hurt me,' she said, looking at him 
from under her brows. 'You do not love him. . . . Leave 
me Seryozha !' 

'Yes, I have lost even my affection for my son, because he 
is associated with the repulsion I feel for you. But still I 
shall take him. Good-bye !' 

And he was going away, but now she detained him. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch, leave me Seryozha !' she whis- 
pered once more. 'I have nothing else to say. Leave 
Seryozha till my ... I shall soon be confined; leave him !' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch flew into a rage, and, snatching 
his hand from her, he went out of the room without a word. 



• CHAPTER V 

THE waiting-room of the celebrated Petersburg law- 
yer was full when Alexey Alexandrovitch entered 
it. Three ladies — an old lady, a young lady, and a 
merchant's wife — and three gentlemen — one a German 
banke-r with a ring on his finger, the second a merchant 
with a beard, and the third a wrathful-looking government 
clerk in official uniform, with a cross on his neck — had 
obviously been waiting a long while already. Two clerks 
were writing at tables with scratching pens. The appur- 
tenances of the writing-tables, about which Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch was himself very fastidious, were exceptionally 
good. He could not help observing this. One of the clerks, 
without getting up, turned wrathfully to Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch, half closing his eyes. 

'What are you wanting?' 

He replied that he had to see the lawyer on some business. 

'He is engaged,' the clerk responded severely, and he 
pointed with his pen at the persons waiting, and went on 
writing. 

'Can't he spare time to see me?' said Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch. 

'He has no time free ; he is always busy. Kindly wait 
your turn.' 

'Then I must trouble you to give him my card,' Alexey 
Alexandrovitch said with dignity, seeing the impossibility of 
preserving his incognito. 

The clerk took the card and, obviously not approving of 
what he read on it, went to the door. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch was in principle in favour of the 
publicity of legal proceedings, though for some higher official 
considerations he disliked the application of the principle 
in Russia, and disapproved of it, as far as he could disap- 
prove of anything instituted by authority of the Emperor. 
His whole life had been spent in administrative work, and 

485 



486 LEO TOLSTOY 

consequently, when he did not approve of anything, his 
disapproval was softened by the recognition of the inevi- 
tability of mistakes and the possibility of reform in every 
department. 

In the new public law-courts he disliked the restric- 
tions laid on the lawyers conducting cases. But till then 
he had had nothing to do with the law-courts, and so had 
disapproved of their publicity simply in theory ; now his 
disapprobation was strengthened by the unpleasant impres- 
sion made on him in the lawyer's waiting-room. 

'Coming immediately,' said the clerk ; and two minutes 
later there did actually appear in the doorway the large fig- 
ure of an old solicitor who had been consulting with the 
lawyer himself. 

The lawyer was a little, squat, bald man, with a dark, 
reddish beard, light-coloured long eyebrows, and an over- 
hanging brow. He was attired as though for a wedding, 
from his cravat to his double watch-chain and varnished 
boots. His face was clever and manly, but his dress was 
dandified and in bad taste. 

'Pray walk in,' said the lawyer, addressing Alexey Alex- 
androvitch ; and, gloomily ushering Karenin in before him, 
he closed the door. 

'Won't you sit down?' He indicated an arm-chair at a 
writing-table covered with papers. He sat down himself, 
and, rubbing his little hands with short fingers covered with 
white hairs, he bent his head on one side. But as soon as 
he was settled in this position a moth fliew over the table. 
The lawyer, with a swiftness that could never have been 
expected of him, opened his hands, caught the moth, and 
resumed his former attitude. 

'Before beginning to speak of my business,' said Alexey 
AJexandrovitch, following the lawyer's movements with 
wondering eyes, 'I ought to observe that the business 
about which I have to speak to you is to be strictly 
private.' 

The lawyer's overhanging reddish moustaches were parted 
in a scarcely perceptible smile. 

'I should not be a lawyer if I could not keep the secrets 
confided to me. But if you would like proof . . .' 



ANNA KARENIN 487 

Alexey Alexandrovitch glanced at his face, and saw that 
the shrewd, grey eyes were laughing, and seemed to know 
all about it already. 

'You know my name?' Alexey Alexandrovitch resumed. 

'I know you and the good' — again he caught a moth — 
'work you are doing, like every Russian,' said the lawyer, 
bowing. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sighed, plucking up his courage. 
But having once made up his mind he went on in his shrill 
voice, without timidity or hesitation, accentuating here and 
there a word. 

'I have the misfortune,' Alexey Alexandrovitch began, 'to 
have been deceived in my married life, and I desire to break 
off all relations with my wife by legal means — that is, to be 
divorced, but to do this so that my son may not remain with 
his mother.' 

The lawyer's grey eyes tried not to laugh, but they were 
dancing with irrepressible glee, and Alexey Alexandrovitch 
saw that it was not simply the delight of a man who has 
just got a profitable job: there was triumph and joy, there 
was a gleam like the malignant gleam he saw in his wife's 
eyes. 

'You desire my assistance in securing a divorce ?' 

'Yes, precisely so; but I ought to warn you that I may be 
wasting your time and attention. I have come simply to 
consult you as a preliminary step. I want a divorce, but the 
form in which it is possible is of great consequence to me. 
It is very possible that if that form does not correspond with 
my requirements I may give up a legal divorce.' 

'Oh, that's always the case,' said the lawyer, 'and that's 
always for you to decide.' 

He let his eyes rest on Alexey Alexandrovitch's feet, feel- 
ing that he might offend his client by the sight of his irre- 
pressible amusement. He looked at a moth that flew before 
his nose, and moved his hand, but did not catch it from 
regard for Alexey Alexandrovitch's position. 

'Though in their general features our laws on this sub- 
ject are known to me,' pursued Alexey Alexandrovitch, 'I 
should be glad to have an idea of the forms in which such 
things are done in practice.' 



488 LEO TOLSTOY 

'You would be glad,' the lawyer, without lifting his eyes, 
responded, adopting, with a certain satisfaction, the tone 
of his client's remarks, 'for me to lay before you all the 
methods by which you could secure what you desire?' 

And on receiving an assenting nod from Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch, he went on, stealing a glance now and then at 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's face, which was growing red in 
patches. 

'Divorce by our laws,' he said, with a slight shade of dis- 
approbation of our laws, 'is possible, as you are aware, in 
the following cases . . . Wait a little !' he called to a clerk 
who put his head in at the door, but he got up all the same, 
said a few words to him, and sat down again. '. . . . In the 
following cases : physical defect in the married parties, 
desertion without communication for five years,' he said, 
crooking a short finger covered with hair, 'adultery' (this 
word he pronounced with obvious satisfaction), 'subdivided 
as follows' (he continued to crook his fat fingers, though 
the three cases and their subdivisions could obviously not be 
classified together) : 'physical defect of the husband or of 
the wife, adultery of the husband or of the wife.' As by 
now now all his fingers were used up, he uncrooked all his 
fingers and went on : 'This is the theoretical view ; but I 
imagine you have done me the honour to apply to me in 
order to learn its application in practice. And therefore, 
guided by precedents, I must inform you that in practice 
cases of divorce may all be reduced to the following — 
there's no physical defect, I may assume, nor desertion? . . .' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch bowed his head in assent. 

' — May be reduced to the following: adultery of one of 
the married parties, and the detection in the fact of the 
guilty party by mutual agreement, and failing such agree- 
ment, accidental detection. It must be admitted that the 
latter case is rarely met with in practice,' said the lawyer, 
and stealing a glance at Alexey Alexandrovitch he paused, 
as a man selling pistols, after enlarging on the advantages 
of each weapon, might await his customer's choice. But 
Alexey Alexandrovitch said nothing, and therefore the 
lawyer went on : 'The most usual and simple, the sensible 
course, I consider, is adultery by mutual consent. I should 



ANNA KARENIN 489 

not permit myself to express it so, speaking with a man 
of no education,' he said, "but I imagine that to you this is 
comprehensible.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch was, however, so perturbed that 
he did not immediately comprehend all the good sense of 
adultery by mutual consent, and his eyes expressed this 
uncertainty; but the lawyer promptly came to his assistance. 

'People cannot go on living together — here you have a 
fact. And if both are agreed about it, the details and 
formalities become a matter of no importance. And at the 
same time this is the simplest and most certain method.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch fully understood now. But he 
had religious scruples, which hindered the execution of such 
a plan. 

That is out of the question in the present case,' he said. 
'Only one alternative is possible : undesigned detection, sup- 
ported by letters which I have.' 

At the mention of letters the lawyer pursed up his lips, 
and gave utterance to a thin little compassionate and con- 
temptuous sound. 

'Kindly consider,' he began, 'cases of that kind are, as 
you are aware, under ecclesiastical jurisdiction; the rever- 
end fathers are fond of going into the minutest details in 
cases of the kind,' he said with a smile, which betrayed his 
sympathy with the reverend father's taste. 'Letters may, of 
course, be a partial confirmation ; but detection in the fact 
there must be of the most direct kind, that is, by eye-wit- 
nesses. In fact, if you do me the honour to intrust your 
confidence to me, you will do well to leave me the choice of 
the measures to be employed. If one wants the result, one 
must admit the means.' 

'If it is so . . .' Alexey Alexandrovitch began, suddenly 
turning white ; but at that moment the lawyer rose and 
again went to the door to speak to the intruding clerk. 

'Tell her we don't haggle over fees !' he said, and returned 
to Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

On his way back he caught unobserved another moth. 
'Nice state my rep curtains will be in by the summer !' he 
thought, frowning. 

'And so you were saying? . . .' he said. 

P-17 



400 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I will communicate my decision to you by letter,' said 
Alexey Alexandrovitch, getting up, and he clutched at the 
table. After standing a moment in silence, he said: 'From 
your words I may consequently conclude that a divorce may 
be obtained? I would ask you to let me know what are 
your terms,' 

'It may be obtained if you give me complete liberty of 
action,' said the lawyer, not answering his question. 'When 
can I reckon on receiving information from you?' he asked, 
moving towards the door, his eyes and his varnished boots 
shining. 

'In a week's time. Your answer as to whether you will 
undertake to conduct the case, and on what terms, you will 
be so good as to communicate to me.' 

'Very good.' 

The lawyer bowed respectfully, let his client out of the 
door, and, left alone, gave himself up to his sense of amuse- 
ment. He felt so mirthful that, contrary to his rules, he 
made a reduction in his terms to the haggling lady, and gave 
up catching moths, finally deciding that next winter he must 
have the furniture covered with velvet, like Sigonin's. 



CHAPTER VI 

A LEXEY ALEXANDROVITCH had gained a brilliant 
i-k victory at the sitting of the Commission of the 17th 
-*--^ of August, but in the sequel this victory cut the 
ground from under his feet. The new commission for the 
inquiry into the condition of the native tribes in all its 
branches had been formed and despatched to its destination 
with an unusual speed and energy inspired by Alexey Alex- 
androvitch. Within three months a report was presented. 
The condition of the native tribes was investigated in its 
political, administrative, economic, ethnographic, material, 
and religious aspects. To all these questions there were 
answers admirably stated, and answers admitting no shade 
of doubt, since they were not a product of human thought, 
always liable to error, but were all the product of official 
activity. The answers were all based on official data fur- 
nished by governors and heads of churches, and founded on 
the reports of district magistrates and ecclesiastical superin- 
tendents, founded in their turn on the reports of parochial 
overseers and parish priests ; and so all of these answers 
were unhesitating and certain. All such questions as, for 
instance, of the cause of failure of crops, of the adherence 
of certain tribes to their ancient beliefs, etc. — questions which 
but for the convenient intervention of the official machine, 
are not, and cannot be solved for ages — received full, un- 
hesitating solution. And this solution was in favour of 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's contention. But Stremov, who had 
felt stung to the quick at the last sitting, had, on the recep- 
tion of the commission's report, resorted to tactics which 
Alexey Alexandrovitch had not anticipated. Stremov, carry- 
ing with him several other members, went over to Alexey 
Alexandrovitch's side, and not contenting himself with 
warmly defending the measure proposed by Karenin, pro- 
posed other more extreme measures in the same direction. 
These measures still further exaggerated in opposition to 

491 



492 LEO TOLSTOY 

what was Alexey Alexandrovitch's fundamental idea, were 
passed by the commission, and then the aim of Stremov's 
tactics became apparent. Carried to an extreme, the meas- 
ures seemed at once to be so absurd that the highest 
authorities, and public opinion, and intellectual ladies, and 
the newspapers, all at the same time fell foul of them, 
expressing their indignation both with the measures and 
their nominal father, Alexey Alexandrovitch. Stremov 
drew back, affecting to have blindly followed Karenin, and 
to be astounded and distressed at what had been done. This 
meant the defeat of Alexey Alexandrovitch. But in spite 
of failing health, in spite of his domestic griefs, he did not 
give in. There was a split in the commission. Some mem- 
bers, with Stremov at their head, justified their mistake on 
the ground that they had put faith in the commission of 
revision, instituted by Alexey Alexandrovitch, and main- 
tained that the report of the commission was rubbish, and 
simply so much waste paper. Alexey Alexandrovitch, with 
a following of those who saw the danger of so revolutionary 
an attitude to official documents, persisted in upholding the 
statements obtained by the revising commission. In con- 
sequence of this, in the higher spheres, and even in society, 
all was chaos, and although every one was interested, no 
one could tell whether the native tribes really were becoming 
impoverished and ruined, or whether they were in a flourish- 
ing condition. The position of Alexey Alexandrovitch, owing 
to this, and partly owing to the contempt lavished on him for 
his wife's infidelity, became very precarious. And in this 
position he took an important resolution. To the astonish- 
ment of the commission, he announced that he should ask 
permission to go himself to investigate the question on the 
spot. And having obtained permission, Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch prepared to set off to these remote provinces. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch's departure made a great sensation, 
the more so as just before he started he officially returned 
the posting-fares allowed him for twelve horses, to drive to 
his destination. 

T think it very noble,' Betsy said about this to the Princess 
Myaky. 'Why take money for posting-horses when every 
one knows that there are railways everywhere now ?' 



ANNA KARENIN 493 

But Princess Myaky did not agree, and the Princess 
Tverskoy's opinion annoyed her indeed. 

'It's all very well for you to talk,' said she, 'when you have 
I don't know how many millions ; but I am very glad when 
my husband goes on a revising tour in the summer. It's very 
good for him and pleasant travelling about, and it's a settled 
arrangement for me to keep a carriage and coachman on the 
money.' 

On his way to the remote provinces Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch stopped for three days at Moscow. 

The day after his arrival he was driving back from calling 
on the governor-general. At the cross-roads by Gazetny 
Place, where there are always crowds of carriages and 
sledges. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch suddenly heard his name called 
out in such a loud and cheerful voice that he could not 
help looking round. At the corner of the pavement, in 
a short, stylish overcoat and a low-crowned fashionable hat, 
jauntily askew, with a smile that showed a gleam of white 
teeth and red lips, stood Stepan Arkadyevitch, radiant, young, 
and beaming. He called him vigorously and urgently, and 
insisted on his stopping. He had one arm on the window of 
a carriage that was stopping at the corner, and out of the 
window were thrust the heads of a lady in a velvet hat, and 
two children. Stepan Arkadyevitch was smiling and beckon- 
ing to his brother-in-law. The lady smiled a kindly smile 
too, and she too waved her hand to Alexey Alexandrovitch. 
It was Dolly with her children. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch did not want to see any one in 
Moscow, and least of all his wife's brother. He raised his 
hat and would have driven on, but Stepan Arkadyevitch told 
his coachman to stop, and ran across the snow to him. 

'Well, what a shame not to have let us know ! Been here 
long? I was at Dussot's yesterday and saw "Karenin" on 
the visitors' list, but it never entered my head that it was 
you,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, sticking his head in at the 
window of the carriage, 'or I should have looked you up. 
I am glad to see you !' he said, knocking one foot against the 
other to shake the snow off. 'What a shame of you not to 
let us know !' he repeated. 



494 LEO TOLSTOY 

'I had no time; I am very busy,' Alexey Alexandrovitch 
responded dryly. 

'Come to my wife, she does so want to see you.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch unfolded the rug in which his 
frozen feet were wrapped, and getting out of his carriage 
made his way over the snow to Darya Alexandrovna. 

'Why, Alexey Alexandrovitch, what are you cutting us 
like this for?' said Dolly, smiling. 

'I was very busy. Delighted to see you !' he said in a tone 
clearly indicating that he was annoyed by it. 'How are 
you?' 

'Tell me, how is my darling Anna?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch mumbled something and would 
have gone on. But Stepan Arkadyevitch stopped him. 

'I tell you what we'll do to-morrow. Dolly, ask him to 
dinner. We'll ask Koznishev and Pestsov, so as to entertain 
him with our Moscow celebrities.' 

'Yes, please, do come,' said Dolly; 'we will expect you at 
five, or six o'clock, if you like. How is my darling Anna? 
How long . . .' 

'She is quite well,' Alexey Alexandrovitch mumbled, 
frowning. 'Delighted !' and he moved away towards his 
carriage. 

'You will come?' Dolly called after him. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch said something which Dolly could 
not catch in the noise of the moving carriages. 

'I shall come round to-morrow !' Stepan Arkadyevitch 
shouted to him. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch got into his carriage, and buried 
himself in it so as neither to see nor to be seen. 

'Queer fish !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch to his wife, and 
glancing at his watch, he made a motion of his hand before 
his face, indicating a caress to his wife and children, and 
walked jauntily along the pavement. 

'Stiva ! Stiva !' Dolly called, reddening. 

He turned round. 

'I must get coats, you know, for Grisha and Tanya, Give 
me the money.' 

'Never mind; you tell them I'll pay the bill!" and he 
vanished, nodding genially to an acquaintance who drove by. 



CHAPTER VII 

THE next day was Sunday. Stepan Arkadyevitch went 
to the Grand Theatre to a rehearsal of the ballet, 
and gave Misha Tchibisov, a pretty dancing-girl whom 
he had just taken under his protection, the coral necklace 
he had promised her the evening before, and behind the 
scenes in the dim daylight of the theatre, managed to kiss 
her pretty little face, radiant over her present. Besides the 
gift of the necklace, he wanted to arrange with her about 
meeting after the ballet. After explaining that he could not 
come at the beginning of the ballet, he promised he would 
come for the last act and take her to supper. From the 
theatre Stepan Arkadyevitch drove to Ohotny Row, selected 
himself the fish and asparagus for dinner, and by twelve 
o'clock was at Dussot's, where he had to see three people, 
luckily all staying at the same hotel : Levin, who had recently 
come back from abroad and was staying there ; the new 
head of his department, who had just been promoted to that 
position, and had come on a tour of revision to Moscow; 
and his brother-in-law, Karenin, whom he must see, so as 
to be sure of bringing him to dinner. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch liked dining, but still better he liked 
to give a dinner, small, but very choice, both as regards the 
food and drink and as regards the selection of guests. He 
particularly liked the programme of that day's dinner. There 
would be fresh perch, asparagus, and la piece de resistance — 
first-rate, but quite plain, roast-beef, and wines to suit: so 
much for the eating and drinking. Kitty and Levin would 
be of the party, and that this might not be obtrusively evi- 
dent, there would be a girl cousin too, and young Shtcher- 
batsky, and la piece de resistance among the guests — Sergey 
Koznishev and Alexey Alexandrovitch. Sergey Ivanovitch 
was a Moscow man, and a philosopher; Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch a Petersburger, and a practical politician. He was 
asking, too, the well-known eccentric enthusiast, Pestsov, a 

495 



496 LEO TOLSTOY 

liberal, a great talker, a musician, an historian, and the most 
delightfully youthful person of fifty, who would be a sauce 
or garnish for Koznishev and Karenin. He would provoke 
them and set them off. 

The second instalment for the forest had been received 
from the merchant and was not yet exhausted ; Dolly had 
been very amiable and good-humoured of late, and the idea 
of the dinner pleased Stepan Arkadyevitch from every point 
of view. He was in the most light-hearted mood. There 
were two circumstances a little unpleasant, but these two 
circumstances were drowned in the sea of good-humoured 
gaiety which flooded the soul of Stepan Arkadyevitch. 
These two circumstances were : first, that on meeting Alexey 
Alexandrovitch the day before in the street he had noticed 
that he was cold and reserved with him, and putting the ex- 
pression of Alexey Alexandrovitch's face and the fact that 
he had not come to see them or let them know of his arrival 
with the rumours he had heard about Anna and Vronsky, 
Stepan Arkadyevitch guessed that something was wrong 
between the husband and wife. 

That was one disagreeable thing. The other slightly dis- 
agreeable fact was that the new head of his department, like 
all new heads, had the reputation already of a terrible per- 
son, who got up at six o'clock in the morning, worked like a 
horse, and insisted on his subordinates working in the same 
way. Moreover, this new head had the further reputation 
of being a bear in his manners, and was, according to all 
reports, a man of a class in all respects the opposite of that 
to which his predecessor had belonged, and to which Stepan 
Arkadyevitch had hitherto belonged himself. On the previ- 
ous day Stepan Arkadyevitch had appeared at the office in 
a uniform, and the new chief had been very affable and had 
talked to him as to an acquaintance. Consequently Stepan 
Arkadyevitch deemed it his duty to call upon him in his non- 
official dress. The thought that the new chief might not give 
him a warm reception was the other unpleasant thing. But 
Stepan Arkadyevitch instinctively felt that everything would 
come round all right. 'They're all people, all men, like us 
poor sinners; why be nasty and quarrelsome?' he thought 
as he went into the hotel. 



ANNA KARENIN 497 

'Good day, Vassily,' he said, walking into the corridor with 
his hat cocked on one side, and addressing a footman he 
knew ; 'why, you've let your whiskers grow ! Levin, number 
seven, eh? Take me up, please. And find out whether 
Count Anitchkin' (this was the new head) 'is receiving.' 

'Yes, sir,' Vassily responded, smiling. 'You've not been 
to see us for a long while.' 

'I was here yesterday, but at the other entrance. Is this 
number seven?' 

Levin was standing with a peasant from Tver in the 
middle of the room, measuring a fresh bearskin, when Stepan 
Arkadyevitch went in. 

'What ! you killed him ?' cried Stepan Arkadyevitch. 
'Well done! A she-bear? How are you, Arhip !' 

He shook hands with the peasant and sat down on the 
edge of a chair, without taking off his coat and hat. 

'Come, take off your coat and stay a little,' said Levin, 
taking his hat. 

'No, I haven't time ; Lve only looked in for a tiny second,' 
answered Stepan Arkadyevitch. He threw open his coat, 
but afterw^ards did take it off, and sat on for a whole hour, 
talking to Levin about hunting and the most intimate 
subjects. 

'Come, tell me, please, what you did abroad? Where have 
you been?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, when the peasant had 
gone. 

'Oh, I stayed in Germany, in Prussia, in France, and in 
England — not in the capitals, but in the manufacturing 
towns, and saw a great deal that was new to me. And I'm 
glad I went.' 

'Yes, I know your idea of the solution of the labour 
question.' 

■"Not a bit : in Russia there can be no labour question. In 
Russia the question is that of the relation of the working 
people to the land ; though the question exists there too — but 
there it's a matter of repairing what's been ruined, while 
with us . . .' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch listened attentively to Levin. 

'Yes, yes 1' he said, 'it's very possible you're right. But 
I'm glad you're in good spirits, and are hunting bears, and 



498 LEO TOLSTOY 

working, and interested. Shtcherbatsky told me another 
story — he met you — that you were in such a depressed state, 
talking of nothing but death. . . .' 

'Well, what of it? I've not given up thinking of death,' 
said Levin. 'It's true that it's high time I was dead; and 
that all this is nonsense. It's the truth I'm telling you. I 
do value my idea and my work awfully; but in reality only 
consider this : all this world of ours is nothing but a speck of 
mildew, which has grown up on a tiny planet. And for us 
to suppose we can have something great — ideas, work — it's 
all dust and ashes.' 

'But all that's as old as the hills, my boy !' 

'It is old; but do you know, when you grasp this fully, 
then somehow everything becomes of no consequence. When 
you understand that you will die to-morrow, if not to-day, 
and nothing will be left, then everything is so unimportant ! 
And I consider my idea very important, but it turns out 
really to be as unimportant too, even if it were carried out, 
as doing for that bear. So one goes on living, amusing one- 
self with hunting, with work — anything so as not to think of 
death !' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled a subtle and affectionate 
smile as he listened to Levin. 

'Well, of course ! Here you've come round to my point. 
Do you remember you attacked me for seeking enjoyment 
in life? Don't be so severe, O moralist!' 

'No; all the same, what's fine in life is . . .' Levin hesi- 
tated — 'Oh, I don't know. All I know is that we shall soon 
be dead.' 

'Why so soon?' 

'And do you know, there's less charm in life, when one 
thinks of death, but there's more peace.' 

'On the contrary, the finish is always the best. But I must 
be going,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, getting up for the 
tenth time. 

'Oh no, stay a bit !' said Levin, keeping him. 'Now, when 
shall we see each other again? I'm going to-morrow.' 

'I'm a nice person ! Why, that's just what I came for ! 
You simply must come to dinner with us to-day. Your 
brother's coming, and Karenin, my brother-in-law.' 



ANNA KARENIN 499 

'You don't mean to say he's here?' said Levin, and he 
wanted to inquire about Kitty. He had heard at the begin- 
ning of the winter that she was at Petersburg with her 
sister, the wife of the diplomat, and he did not know whether 
she had come back or not ; but he changed his mind and did 
not ask. 'Whether she's coming or not, I don't care/ he said 
to himself. 

'So you'll come?' 

'Of course.' 

'At five o'clock, then, and not evening dress.' 

And Stepan Arkadyevitch got up and went down below to 
the new head of his department. Instinct had not misled 
Stepan Arkadyevitch. The terrible new head turned out 
to be an extremely amenable person, and Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch lunched with him and stayed on, so that it was four 
o'clock before he got to Alexey Alexandrovitch. 



CHAPTER VIII 

A LEXEY ALEXANDROVITCH, on coming back from 
l\ church service, had spent the whole morning indoors. 
-* — ^ He had two pieces of business before him that morn- 
ing: first, to receive and send on a deputation from the 
native tribes which was on its way to Petersburg, and now 
at Moscow ; secondly, to write the promised letter to the 
lawyer. The deputation, though it had been summoned at 
Alexey Alexandrovitch's instigation, was not without its 
discomforting and even dangerous aspect, and he was very 
glad he had found it in Moscow. The members of this 
deputation had not the slightest conception of their duty 
and the part they were to play. They naively believed that 
it was their business to lay before the commission their 
needs and the actual condition of things, and to ask assistance 
of the government, and utterly failed to grasp that some of 
their statements and requests supported the contention 
of the enemy's side, and so spoiled the whole business. 
Alexey Alexandrovitch was busily engaged with them for a 
long while, drew up a programme for them from which they 
were not to depart, and on dismissing them wrote a letter 
to Petersburg for the guidance of the deputation. He had 
his chief support in this affair in the Countess Lidia Ivanovna. 
She was a specialist in the matter of deputations, and no one 
knew better than she how to manage them, and put them in 
the way they should go. Having completed this task, Alexey 
Alexandrovitch wrote the letter to the lawyer. Without the 
slightest hesitation he gave him permission to act as he 
might judge best. In the letter he enclosed three of 
Vronsky's notes to Anna, which were in the portfolio he 
had taken away. 

Since Alexey Alexandrovitch had left home with the in- 
tention of not returning to his family again, and since he 
had been at the lawyer's and had spoken, though only to one 

500 



ANNA KARENIN 501 

man, of his intention, since especially he had translated the 
matter from the world of real life to the world of ink and 
paper, he had grown more and more used to his own inten- 
tion, and by now distinctly perceived the feasibility of its 
execution. 

He was sealing the envelope to the lawyer, when he heard 
the loud tones of Stepan Arkadyevitch's voice. Stepan 
Arkadyevitch was disputing with Alexey Alexandrovitch's 
servant, and insisting on being announced. 

'No matter,' thought Alexey Alexaudrovitch, 'so much 
the better. I will inform him at once of my position in 
regard to his sister, and explain why it is I can't dine with 
him.' 

'Come in !' he said aloud, collecting his papers, and putting 
them in the blotting-paper. 

'There, you see, you're talking nonsense, and he's at home !' 
responded Stepan Arkadyevitch's voice, addressing the serv- 
ant, who had refused to let him in, and taking ofiF his coat 
as he went, Oblonsky walked into the room. 'Well, I'm 
awfully glad I've found you ! So I hope . . .* Stepan 
Arkadyevitch began cheerfully. 

'I cannot come,' Alexey Alexaudrovitch said coldly, stand- 
ing and not asking his visitor to sit down. 

Alexey Alexaudrovitch had thought to pass at once into 
those frigid relations in which he ought to stand with the 
brother of a wife against whom he was beginning a suit for 
divorce. But he had not taken into account the ocean of 
kindliness brimming over in the heart of Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch opened wide his clear, shining eyes. 

'Why can't you ? What do you mean ?' he asked in per- 
plexity, speaking in French. 'Oh, but it's a promise. And 
we're all counting on you.' 

'I want to tell you that I can't dine at your house, because 
the terms of relationship which have existed between us 
must cease.' 

'How? How do you mean? What for?' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch with a smile. 

'Because I am beginning an action for divorce against 
your sister, my wife. I ought to have . . ." 



502 LEO TOLSTOY 

But, before Alexey Alexandrovitch had come to finish 
his sentence, Stepan Arkadyevitch was behaving not at all 
as he had expected. He groaned and sank into an arm- 
chair. 

'No, Alexey Alexandrovitch! What are you saying?' 
cried Oblonsky, and his suffering was apparent in his face. 

'It is so.' 

'Excuse me, I can't. I can't believe it !' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sat down, feeling that his words 
had not had the effect he anticipated, and that it would be 
unavoidable for him to explain his position, and that, 
whatever explanations he might make, his relations with 
his brother-in-law would remain unchanged. 

'Yes, I am brought to the painful necessity of seeking a 
divorce,' he said. 

'I will say one thing, Alexey Alexandrovitch. I know you 
for an excellent, upright man ; I know Anna — excuse me. I 
can't change my opinion of her — for a good, an excellent 
woman; and so, excuse me, I cannot believe it. There is 
some misunderstanding,' said he. 

'Oh, if it were merely a misunderstanding ! . . .' 

'Pardon, I understand,' interposed Stepan Arkadyevitch. 
'But of course . . . One thing : you must not act in haste. 
You must not, you must not act in haste !' 

'I am not acting in haste,' Alexey Alexandrovitch said 
coldly, 'but one cannot ask advice of any one in such a mat- 
ter. I have quite made up my mind.' 

'This is awful !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'I would do 
one thing, Alexey Alexandrovitch. I beseech you, do it !' he 
said. 'No action has yet been taken, if I understand rightly. 
Before you take advice, see my wife, talk to her. She loves 
Anna like a sister, she loves you, and she's a wonderful 
woman. For God's sake, talk to her ! Do me that favour, 
I beseech you !' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch pondered, and Stepan Arkadyevitch 
looked at him sympathetically, without interrupting hite 
silence. 

'You will go to see her?' 

'I don't know. That was just why 1 have not been to see 
you. I imagine our relations must change.' 



ANNA KARENIN 503 

'Why so? I don't see that. Allow me to believe that 
apart from our connection you have for me, at least in part, 
the same friendly feeling I have always had for you . . . and 
sincere esteem,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, pressing his 
hand. 'Even if your worst suppositions were correct, I 
don*t — and never would — take on myself to judge either side, 
and I see no reason why our relations should be affected. 
But now, do this, come and see my wife.* 

'Well, we look at the matter differently,' said Alexey 
Alexandrovitch coldly. 'However, we won't discuss it.' 

'No; why shouldn't you come to-day to dine, anyway? 
My wife's expecting you. Please, do come. And, above all, 
talk it over with her. She's a wonderful woman. For God's 
sake, on my knees, I implore you !' 

'If you so much wish it, I will come,' said Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch, sighing. 

And, anxious to change the conversation, he inquired 
about what interested them both — the new head of Stepan 
Arkadyevitch's department, a man not yet old, who had 
suddenly been promoted to so high a position. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch had previously felt no liking for 
Count Anitchkin, and had always differed from him in his 
opinions. But now, from a feeling readily comprehensible 
to officials — that hatred felt by one who has suffered a defeat 
in the service for one who has received a promotion, he 
could not endure him. 

'Well, have you seen him?' said Alexey Alexandrovitch 
with a malignant smile. 

'Of course ; he was at our sitting yesterday. He seems to 
know his work capitally, and to be very energetic' 

'Yes, but what is his energy directed to?' said Alexey 
Alexandrovitch. 'Is he aiming at doing anything, or simply 
undoing what's been done? It's the great misfortune of our 
government — this paper administration, of which he's a 
worthy representative.' 

'Really, I don't know what fault one could find with him. 
His policy I don't know, but one thing — he's a very nice 
fellow,' answered Stepan Arkadyevitch. 'I've just been see- 
ing him, and he's really a capital fellow. We lunched to- 
gether, and I taught him how to make, you know that drink, 



504 LEO TOLSTOY 

wine and oranges. It's so cooling. And it's a wonder he 
didn't know it. He liked it awfully. No, really, he's a capital 
fellow.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch glanced at his watch. 

'Why, good heavens, it's four already, and I've still to go 
to Dolgovushin's ! So please come round to dinner. You 
can't imagine how you will grieve my wife and me.' 

The way in which Alexey Alexandrovitch saw his brother- 
in-law out was very different from the manner in which he 
had met him. 

'I've promised, and I'll come,' he answered wearily. 

'Believe me, I appreciate it, and I hope you won't regret 
it,' answered Stepan Arkadyevitch, smiling. 

And, putting on his coat as he went, he patted the foot- 
man on the head, chuckled, and went out. 

'At five o'clock, and not evening dress, please,' he shouted 
once more, turning at the door. 



CHAPTER IX 

IT was past five, and several guests had already arrived, 
before the host himself got home. He went in to- 
gether with Sergey Ivanovitch Koznishev and Pestsov, 
who had reached the street door at the same moment. These 
were the two leading representatives of the Moscow intel- 
lectuals, as Oblonsky had called them. Both were men 
respected for their character and their intelligence. They 
respected each other, but were in complete and hopeless dis- 
agreement upon almost every subject, not because they be- 
longed to opposite parties, but precisely because they were 
of the same party (their enemies refused to see any dis- 
tinction between their views) ; but, in that party, each had 
his own special shade of opinion. And since no difference 
is less easily overcome than difference of opinion about semi- 
abstract questions, they never agreed in any opinion, and had 
long, indeed, been accustomed to jeer without anger, each 
at the other's incorrigible aberrations. 

They were just going in at the door, talking of the 
weather, when Stepan Arkadyevitch overtook them. In the 
drawing-room there were already sitting Prince Alexander 
Dmitrievitch Shtcherbatsky, young Shtcherbatsky, Turovtsin, 
Kitty, and Karenin. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch saw immediately that things were not 
going well in the drawing-room without him. Darya Alex- 
androvna, in her best grey silk gown, obviously worried about 
the children, who were to have their dinner by themselves in 
the nursery, and by her husband's absence, was not equal to 
the task of making the party mix without him. All were 
sitting like so many priests' wives on a visit (so the old 
prince expressed it), obviously wondering why they were 
there, and pumping up remarks simply to avoid being silent. 
Turovtsin — good, simple man — felt unmistakably a fish out 
of water, and the smile with which his thick lips greeted 
Stepan Arkadyevitch said, as plainly as words : 'Well, old 

505 



506 LEO TOLSTOY 

boy, you have popped me down in a learned set ! A drinking- 
party now, or the Chateau des Fleurs, would be more in my 
line !' 

The old prince sat in silence, his bright little eyes 
watching Karenin from one side, and Stepan Arkadyevitch 
saw that he had already formed a phrase to sum up that 
politician of whom guests were invited to partake as though 
he were a sturgeon. Kitty was looking at the door, calling 
up all her energies to keep her from blushing at the entrance 
of Konstantin Levin. Young Shtcherbatsky, who had not 
been introduced to Karenin, was trying to look as though he 
were not in the least conscious of it. Karenin himself had 
followed the Petersburg fashion for a dinner with ladies and 
was wearing evening dress and a white tie. Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch saw by his face that he had come simply to keep his 
promise, and was performing a disagreeable duty in being 
present at this gathering. He was indeed the person chiefly 
responsible for the chill benumbing all the guests before 
Stepan Arkadyevitch came in. 

On entering the drawing-room Stepan Arkadyevitch apolo- 
gised, explaining that he had been detained by that prince, 
who was always the scapegoat for all his absences and 
unpunctualities, and in one moment he had made all the 
guests acquainted with each other, and, bringing together 
Alexey Alexandrovitch and Sergey Koznishev, started them 
on a discussion of the Russification of Poland, into which 
they immediately plunged with Pestsov. Slapping Turovtsin 
on the shoulder, he whispered something comic in his ear, 
and set him down by his wife and the old prince. Then he 
told Kitty she was looking very pretty that evening, and pre- 
sented Shtcherbatsky to Karenin, In a moment he had so 
kneaded together the social dough that the drawing-room 
became very lively, and there was a merry buzz of voices. 
Konstantin Levin was the only person who had not arrived. 
But this was so much the better, as on going into the dining- 
room, Stepan Arkadyevitch found to his horror that the port 
and sherry had been procured from Depre, and not from 
Levy, and, directing that the coachman should be sent off 
as speedily as possible to Levy's, he was going back to tl: ' 
drawing-room. 



ANNA KARENIN 507 

In the dining-room he was met by Konstantin Levin. 

'I'm not late?' 

'You can never help being late !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
taking his arm. 

'Have you a lot of people? Who's here?' asked Levin, 
unable to help blushing, as he knocked the snow off his cap 
with his glove. 

'All our own set. Kitty's here. Come along, I'll intro- 
duce you to Karenin.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch, for all his liberal views, was well 
aware that to meet Karenin was sure to be felt a flattering 
distinction, and so treated his best friends to this honour. 
But at that instant Konstantin Levin was not in a condition 
to feel all the gratification of making such an acquaintance. 
He had not seen Kitty since that memorable evening when he 
met Vronsky, not counting, that is, the moment when he had 
had a glimpse of her on the high-road. He had known at 
the bottom of his heart that he would see her here to-day. 
But to keep his thoughts free, he had tried to persuade him- 
self that he did not know it. Now when he heard that she 
was here, he was suddenly conscious of such delight, and at 
the same time of such dread, that his breath failed him and 
he could not utter what he wanted to say. 

'What is she like, what is she like ? Like what she used to 
be, or like what she was in the carriage? What if Darya 
Alexandrovna told the truth? Why shouldn't it be the 
truth?' he thought. 

'Oh, please, introduce me to Karenin,' he brought out with 
an effort, and with a desperately determined step he walked 
into the drawing-room and beheld her. 

She was not the same as she used to be, nor was she as 
?ht had been in the carriage ; she was quite different. 

She was scared, shy, shame-faced, and still more charming 
from it. She saw him the very instant he walked into the 
room. She had been expecting him. She was delighted, and 
so confused at her own delight that there was a moment, the 
moment when he went up to her sister and glanced again at 
her, when she, and he, and Dolly, who saw it all, thought 
she would break down and would begin to cry. She crim- 
soned, turned white, crimsoned again, and grew faint, wait- 



508 LEO TOLSTOY 

ing with quivering lips for him to come to her. He went up 
to her, bowed, and held out his hand without speaking. 
Except for the slight quiver of her lips and the moisture in 
her eyes that made them brighter, her smile was almost calm 
as she said — 

'How long it is since we've seen each other !' and with 
desperate determination she pressed his hand with her cold 
hand. 

'You've not seen me, but I've seen you,' said Levin, with a 
radiant smile of happiness. 'I saw you when you were driv- 
ing from the railway station to Ergushovo.' 

'When ?' she asked, wondering. 

'You were driving to Ergushovo,' said Levin, feeling as if 
he would sob with the rapture that was flooding his heart. 
'And how dared I associate a thought of anything not inno- 
cent with this touching creature? And, yes, I do believe it's 
true what Darya Alexandrovna told me,' he thought. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch took him by the arm and led him away 
to Karenin. 

'Let me introduce you.' He mentioned their names. 

'Very glad to meet you again,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch 
coldly, shaking hands with Levin. 

'You are acquainted?' Stepan Arkadyevitch asked in sur- 
prise. 

'We spent three hours together in the train,' said Levin 
smiling, 'but got out, just as in a masquerade, quite mystified 
— at least I was.' 

'Nonsense ! Come along, please,' said Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch, pointing in the direction of the dining-room. 

The men went into the dining-room and went up to a table, 
laid with six sorts of spirits and as many kinds of cheese, 
some with little silver spades and some without, caviare 
herrings, preserves of various kinds, and plates with slices 
of French bread. 

The men stood round the strong-smelling spirits and salt 
delicacies, and the discussion of the Russification of Poland 
between Koznishev, Karenin, and Pestsov died down in 
anticipation of dinner. 

Sergey Ivanovitch was unequalled in his skill in winding 
up the most heated and serious argument by some unexpected 



ANNA KARENIN 509 

pinch of Attic salt that changed the disposition of his op- 
ponent. He did this now. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch had been maintaining that the 
Russification of Poland could only be accomplished as a re- 
sult of larger measures which ought to be introduced by the 
Russian government. 

Pestsov insisted that one country can only absorb another 
when it is the more densely populated. 

Koznishev admitted both points, but with limitations. As 
they were going out of the drawing-room to conclude the 
argument, Koznishev said smiling — 

'So, then, for the Russification of our foreign populations 
there is but one method — to bring up as many children as 
one can. My brother and I are terribly in fault, I see. You 
married men, especially you, Stepan Arkadyevitch, are the 
real patriots : what number have you reached ?' he said, smil- 
ing genially at their host and holding out a tiny wine-glass 
to him. 

Every one laughed, and Stepan Arkadyevitch with par- 
ticular good-humour. 

'Oh, yes. that's the best method !' he said, munching cheese 
and filling the wine-glass with a special sort of spirit. The 
conversation dropped at the jest. 

'This cheese is not bad. Shall I give you some?' said the 
master of the house. 'Why, have you been going in for gym- 
nastics again?' he asked Levin, pinching his muscle with his 
left hand. Levin smiled, bent his arm, and under Stepan 
Arkadyevitch's fingers the muscles swelled up like a sound 
cheese, hard as a knob of iron, through the fine cloth of the 
coat. 

'What biceps ! A perfect Samson !' 

'I imagine great strength is needed for hunting bears,' 
observed Alexey Alexandrovitch, who had the mistiest no- 
tions about the chase. He cut off and spread with cheese a 
wafer of bread fine as a spider-web. 

Levin smiled. 'Not at all. Quite the contrary; a child can 
kill a bear,' he said, with a slight bow moving aside for the 
ladies, who were approaching the table. 

'You have killed a bear, I've been told?' said Kitty, trying 
assiduously to catch with her fork a perverse mushroom that 



510 LEO TOLSTOY 

would slip away, and setting the lace quivering over her 
white arm. 'Are there bears on your place?' she added, 
turning her charming little head to him and smiling. 

There was apparently nothing extraordinary in what she 
said, but what unutterable meaning there was for him in 
every sound, in every turn of her lips, her eyes, her hand 
as she said it ! There was entreaty for forgiveness, and 
trust in him and tenderness — soft, timid tenderness — and 
promise and hope and love for him. which he could not but 
believe in and which choked him with happiness. 

'No, we've been hunting in the Tver province. It was 
coming back from there that I met your bcaufrere in the 
train, or your heanfrcre's brother-in-law,' he said with a 
smile. Tt was an amusing meeting.' 

And he began telling with a droll good-humour how, after 
not sleeping all night, he had, wearing an old fur-lined, 
full-skirted coat, got into Alexey Alexandrovitch's compart- 
ment. 

'The conductor, forgetting the proverb, would have chucked 
me out on account of my attire ; but thereupon I began ex- 
pressing my feelings in elevated language, and . . . you, 
too,' he said, addressing Karenin and forgetting his name, 
'at first would have ejected me on the ground of the old coat, 
but afterwards you took my part, for which I am extremely 
grateful.' 

'The rights of passengers generally to choose their seats 
are too ill-defined,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, rubbing the 
tips of his fingers on his handkerchief. 

'I saw you were in uncertainty about me,' said Levin, smil- 
ing good-naturedly, 'but I made haste to plunge into intel- 
lectual conversation to smooth over the defects of my attire.' 

Sergey Ivanovitch, while he kept up a conversation with 
their hostess, had one ear for his brother, and he glanced 
askance at him. 'What is the matter with him to-day? 
Why such a conquering hero ?' he thought. He did not know 
that Levin was feeling as though he had grown wings. 
Levin knew she was listening to his words and that she was 
glad to listen to him. And this was the only thing that in- 
terested him. Not in that room only, but in the whole world, 
there existed for him only himself, with enormously increased 



ANNA KARENIN 511 

importance and dignity in his own eyes, and she. He felt 
himself on a pinnacle that made him giddy, and far away 
down below were all those nice excellent Karenins, 
Oblonskys, and all the world. 

Quite without attracting notice, without glancing at them, 
as though there were no other places left, Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch put Levin and Kitty side by side. 

'Oh, you may as well sit there,' he said to Levin. 

The dinner was as choice as the china, in which Stepan 
Arkadyevitch was a connoisseur. The soiipe Marie-Louise 
was a splendid success; the tiny pies eaten with it melted in 
the mouth and were irreproachable. The two footmen and 
Matvey, in white cravats, did their duty with the dishes and 
wines unobtrusively, quietly, and swiftly. On the material 
side the dinner was a success ; it was no less so on the im- 
material. The conversation, at times general and at times 
between individuals, never paused, and towards the end the 
company was so lively that the men rose from table, without 
stopping speaking, and even Alexey Alexandrovitch thawed. 



CHAPTER X 

PESTSOV liked thrashing an argument out to the end, 
and was not satisfied with Sergey Ivanovitch's words, 
especially as he felt the injustice of his view. 

'I did not mean,' he said over the soup, addressing Alexey 
Alexandrovitch, 'mere density of population alone, but in 
conjunction with fundamental ideas, and not by means of 
principles.' 

'It seems to me,' Alexey Alexandrovitch said languidly, 
and with no haste, 'that that's the same thing. In my 
opinion, influence over another people is only possible to the 
people which has the higher development, which . . .' 

'But that's just the question,' Pestsov broke in in his bass. 
He was always in a hurry to speak, and seemed always to 
put his whole soul into what he was saying: 'In what are 
we to make higher development consist? The English, the 
French, the Germans, which is at the highest stage of de- 
velopment? Which of them will nationalise the other? We 
see the Rhine provinces have been turned French, but the 
Germans are not at a lower stage !' he shouted. 'There is 
another law at work there.' 

'I fancy that the greater influence is always on the side of 
true civilisation,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, slightly lifting 
his eyebrows. 

'But what are we to lay down as the outward signs of true 
civilisation ?' said Pestsov. 

'I imagine such signs are generally very well known,' said 
Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

'But are they fully known ?' Sergey Ivanovitch put in with 
a subtle smile. 'It is the accepted view now that real culture 
must be purely classical ; but we see most intense disputes on 
each side of the question, and there is no denying that the 
opposite camp has strong points in its favour.' 

'You are for classics, Sergey Ivanovitch. Will you take 
red wine?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch. 

512 



ANNA KARENIN 513 

'I am not expressing my own opinion of either form of 
culture,' Sergey Ivanovitch said, holding out his glass with a 
smile of condescension, as to a child. 'I only say that both 
sides have strong arguments to support them,' he went on, 
addressing Alexey Alexandrovitch. 'My sympathies are clas- 
sical from education, but in this discussion I am personally 
unable to arrive at a conclusion. I see no distinct grounds 
for classical studies being given a pre-eminence over scientific 
studies.' 

'The natural sciences have just as great an educational 
value,' put in Pestsov. 'Take astronomy, take botany, or 
zoology with its system of general principles.' 

'I cannot quite agree with that,' responded Alexey 
Alexandrovitch. 'It seems to me that one must admit that 
the very process of studying the forms of language has a 
peculiarly favourable influence on intellectual development. 
Moreover, it cannot be denied that the influence of the clas- 
sical authors is in the highest degree moral, while, un- 
fortunately, with the study of the natural sciences are 
associated the false and noxious doctrines which are the 
curse of our day.' 

Sergey Ivanovitch would have said something, but Pestsov 
interrupted him in his rich bass. He began warmly con- 
testing the justice of this view. Sergey Ivanovitch waited 
serenely to speak, obviously with a convincing reply ready. 

'But,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, smiling subtly, and address- 
ing Karenin, "one must allow that to weigh all the advan- 
tages and disadvantages of classical and scientific studies is a 
difficult task, and the question which form of education was 
to be preferred would not have been so quickly and con- 
clusively decided if there had not been in favour of classical 
education, as you expressed it just now, its moral — disons le 
mot — anti-nihilist influence.' 

'Undoubtedly.' 

'If it had not been for the distinctive property of anti- 
nihilistic influence on the side of classical studies, we should 
have considered the subject more, have weighed the argu- 
ments on both sides,' said Sergey Ivanovitch with a subtle 
smile, 'we should have given elbow-room to both tendencies. 
But nov/ we know that these little pills of classical learning 



314 LEO TOLSTOY 

possess the medicinal property of anti-nihilism, and we boldly 
prescribe them to our patients. . . . But what if they had no 
such medicinal property?' he wound up humorously. 

At Sergey Ivanovitch's little pills, every one laughed; 
Turovtsin in especial roared loudly and jovially, glad at last 
to have found something to laugh at, all he ever looked for in 
listening to conversation. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch had not made a mistake in inviting 
Pestsov. With Pestsov intellectual conversation never 
flagged for an instant. Directly Sergey Ivanovitch had con- 
cluded the conversation with his jest, Pestsov promptly 
started a new one. 

'I can't agree even,' said he, 'that the government had that 
aim. The government obviously is guided by abstract con- 
siderations, and remains indifferent to the influence its 
measures may exercise. The education of women, for in- 
stance, would naturally be regarded as likely to be harm- 
ful, but the government opens schools and universities for 
women.' 

And the conversation at once passed to the new subject 
of the education of women. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch expressed the idea that the educa- 
tion of women is apt to be confounded with the emancipa- 
tion of women, and that it is only so that it can be considered 
dangerous. 

'I consider, on the contrary, that the two questions are 
inseparably connected together,' said Pestsov ; 'it is a vicious 
circle. Woman is deprived of rights from lack of education, 
and the lack of education results from the absence of rights. 
We must not forget that the subjection of women is so 
complete, and dates from such ages back that we are often 
unwilling to recognise the gulf that separates them from us,' 
said he. 

'You said rights,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, waiting till 
Pestsov had finished, 'meaning the right of sitting on juries, 
of voting, of presiding at official meetings, the right of 
entering the civil service, of sitting in parliament . . .' 

'Undoubtedly.' 

'But if women, as a rare exception, can occupy such posi- 
tions, it seems to me you are wrong in using the expression 



ANNA KARENIN 515 

"rights." It would be more correct to say duties. Every 
man will agree that in doing the duty of a juryman, a witness, 
a telegraph clerk, we feel we are performing duties. And 
therefore it would be correct to say that women are seeking 
duties, and quite legitimately. And one can but sympathise 
with this desire to assist in the general labour of man.' 

'Quite so,' Alexey Alexandrovitch assented. 'The ques- 
tion, I imagine, is simply whether they are fitted for such 
duties.' 

'They will most likely be perfectly fitted,' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch, 'when education has become general among 
them. We see this . . .' 

'How about the proverb?' said the prince, who had a long 
while been intent on the conversation, his little comical eyes 
twinkling. 'I can say it before my daughters : her hair is 
long, because her wit is . . .' 

'Just what they thought of the negroes before their eman- 
cipation !' said Pestsov angrily. 

'What seems strange to me is that women should seek fresh 
duties,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, 'while we see, unhappily, 
that men usually try to avoid them.' 

'Duties are bound up with rights — power, money, honour; 
those are what women are seeking,' said Pestsov. 

'Just as though I should seek the right to be a wet-nurse, 
and feel injured because women are paid for the work, while 
no one will take me,' said the old prince. 

Turovtsin exploded in a loud roar of laughter, and Sergey 
Ivanovitch regretted that he had not made this comparison. 
Even Alexey Alexandrovitch smiled. 

'Yes, but a man can't nurse a baby,' said Pestsov, 'while a 
woman . . .' 

'No. there was an Englishman who did suckle his baby on 
board ship,' said the old prince, feeling this freedom in con- 
versation permissible before his own daughters. 

'There are as many such Englishmen as there would be 
women officials,' said Sergey Ivanovitch. 

'Yes, but what is a girl to do who has no family?' put in 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, thinking of Masha Tchibisov, whom he 
had had in his mind all along, in sympathising with Pestsov 
and supporting him. 



516 LEO TOLSTOY 

'If the story of such a girl were thoroughly sifted, you 
would find she had abandoned a family — her own or a sister's, 
where she might have found a woman's duties/ Darya 
Alexandrovna broke in unexpectedly in a tone of exaspera- 
tion, probably suspecting what sort of girl Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch was thinking of. 

'But we take our stand on principle as the idea,' replied 
Pestsov in his mellow bass. 'Woman desires to have rights, 
to be independent, educated. She is oppressed, humiliated 
by the consciousness of her disabilities.' 

'And I'm oppressed and humiliated that they won't engage 
me at the Foundling,' the old prince said again, to the huge 
delight of Turovtsin, who in his mirth dropped his asparagus 
with the thick end in the sauce. 



CHAPTER XI 

EVERY one took part in the conversation except Kitty 
and Levin. At first, when they were talking of the 
influence that one people has on another, there rose 
to Levin's mind what he had to say on the subject. But 
these ideas, once of such importance in his eyes, seemed to 
come into his brain as in a dream, and had now not the 
slightest interest for him. It even struck him as strange that 
they should be so eager to talk of what was of no use to 
any one. Kitty, too, should, one would have supposed, have 
been interested in what they were saying of the rights and 
education of women. How often she had mused on the sub- 
ject, thinking of her friend abroad, Varenka, of her painful 
state of dependence, how often she had wondered about her- 
self what would become of her if she did not marry, and 
how often she had argued with her sister about it ! But it 
did not interest her at all. She and Levin had a conversation 
of their own, yet not a conversation, but a sort of mysterious 
communication, which brought them every moment nearer, 
and stirred in both a sense of glad terror before the un- 
known into which they were entering. 

At first Levin, in answer to Kitty's question how he could 
have seen her last year in the carriage, told her how he had 
been coming home from the mowing along the high-road and 
had met her. 

'It was very, very early in the morning. You were prob- 
ably only just awake. Your mother was asleep in the corner. 
It was an exquisite morning, I was walking along wondering 
who it could be in a four-in-hand? It was a splendid set of 
four horses with bells, and in a second you flashed by, and I 
saw at the window — you were sitting like this, holding the 
strings of your cap in both hands, and thinking awfully 
deeply about something,' he said, smiling. 'How I should like 
to know what you were thinking about then ! Something 
important ?' 

517 



518 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Wasn't I dreadfully untidy ?' she wondered, but seeing the 
smile of ecstasy these reminiscences called up, she felt that 
the impression she had made had been very good. She 
blushed and laughed with delight : 'Really I don't remember/ 

'How nicely Turovtsin laughs !' said Levin, admiring his 
moist eyes and shaking chest. 

'Have you known him long?' asked Kitty. 

'Oh, every one knows him !' 

'And I see you think he's a horrid man ?' 

'Not horrid, but nothing in him." 

'Oh, you're wrong ! And you must give up thinking so 
directly !' said Kitty. "I used to have a very poor opinion 
of him too, but he, he's an awfully nice and wonderfully 
good-hearted man. He has a heart of gold.' 

'How could you find out what sort of heart he has ?' 

'We are great friends. I know him very well. Last winter, 
soon after . . . you came to see us,' she said, with a guilty 
and at the same time confiding smile, 'all Dolly's children 
had scarlet fever, and he happened to come and see her. 
And only fancy,' she said in a whisper, "he felt so sorry for 
her that he stayed and began to help her look after the 
children. Yes, and for three weeks he stopped with them, 
and looked after the children like a nurse.' 

"I am telling Konstantin Dmitritch about Turovtsin in the 
scarlet fever,' she said, bending over to her sister. 

'Yes, it was wonderful, noble !' said Dolly, glancing towards 
Turovtsin, who had become aware they were talking of him, 
and smiling gently to him. Levin glanced once more at 
Turovtsin. and wondered how it was he had not realised all 
this man's goodness before. 

'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'll never think ill of people 
again !' he said gaily, genuinely expressing what he felt at 
the moment. 



CHAPTER XII 

CONNECTED with the conversation that had sprung 
up on the rights of wornen there were certain ques- 
tions as to the inequality of rights in marriage im- 
proper to discuss before the ladies. Pestsov had several 
times during dinner touched upon these questions, but Sergey 
Ivanovitch and Stepan Arkadyevitch carefully drew him 
ofif them. 

When they rose from the table and the ladies had gone 
out, Pestsov did not follow them, but addressing Alexey 
Alexandrovitch, began to expound the chief ground of in- 
equality. The inequality in marriage, in his opinion, lay in 
the fact that the infidelity of the wife and the infidelity of 
the husband are punished unequally, both by the law and by 
public opinion. Stepan Arkadyevitch went hurriedly up to 
Alexey Alexandrovitch and offered him a cigar. 

'No, I don't smoke,' Alexey Alexandrovitch answered 
calmly, and as though purposely wishing to show that he 
was not afraid of the subject, he turned to Pestsov with a 
chilly smile. 

T imagine that such a view has a foundation in the very 
nature of things,' he said, and would have gone on to the 
drawing-room. But at this point Turovtsin broke suddenly 
and unexpectedly into the conversation, addressing Alexey 
Alexandrovitch. 

'You heard, perhaps, about Pryatchnikov ?' said Turovtsin, 
warmed up by the champagne he had drunk, and long wait- 
ing for an opportunity to break the silence that had weighed 
on him. 'Vasya Pryatchnikov,' he said, with a good-natured 
smile on his damp, red lips, addressing himself principally to 
the most important guest, Alexey Alexandrovitch, 'they told 
me to-day he fought a duel with Kvitsky at Tver, and has 
killed him.' 

Just as it always seems that one bruises oneself on a sore 
place, so Stepan Arkadyevitch felt now that the conversation 

519 



520 I.EO TOLSTOY 

would by ill luck fall every moment on Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch's sore spot. He would again have got his brother-in- 
law away, but Alexey Alexandrovitch himself inquired, with 
curiosity — 

'What did Pryatchnikov fight about?' 

'His wife. Acted like a man, he did ! Called him out and 
shot him !' 

'Ah !' said Alexey Alexandrovitch indifferently, and lifting 
his eyebrows, he went into the drawing-room. 

'How glad I am you have come,' Dolly said with a 
frightened smile, meeting him in the outer drawing-room. 
'I must talk to you. Let's sit here.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch, with the same expression of in- 
difference, given him by his lifted eyebrows, sat down beside 
Darya Alexandrovna, and smiled affectedly. 

'It's fortunate,' said he, 'especially as I was meaning to 
ask you to excuse me, and to be taking leave. I have to 
start to-morrow.' 

Darya Alexandrovna was firmly convinced of Anna's in- 
nocence, and she felt herself growing pale and her lips 
quivering with anger at this frigid, unfeeling man, who was 
so calmly intending to ruin her innocent friend. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch,' she said, with desperate resolu- 
tion looking him in the face, 'I asked you about Anna; you 
made me no answer. How is she?' 

'She is, I believe, quite well, Darya Alexandrovna,' replied 
Alexey Alexandrovitch, not looking at her. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch, forgive me, I have no right . . . 
but I love Anna as a sister, and esteem her ; I beg, I beseech 
you to tell me what is wrong between you? what fault do 
you find with her ?' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch frowned, and almost closing his 
eyes, dropped his head. 

'I presume that your husband has told you the grounds on 
which I consider it necessary to change my attitude to Anna 
Arkadyevna?' he said, not looking her in the face, but 
eyeing with displeasure Shtcherbatsky, who was walking 
across the drawing-room. 

'I don't believe it, I don't believe it, I can't believe it !' 
Dolly, said, clasping her bony hands before her with a vig- 



ANNA KARENIN 521 

orous gesture. She rose quickly, and laid her hand on Alexey 
Alexandrovitch's sleeve. 'We shall be disturbed here. Come 
this way, please.' 

Dolly's agitation had an effect on Alexey Alexandrovitch. 
He got up and submissively followed her to the schoolroom. 
They sat dow^n to a table covered with an oilcloth cut in slits 
by penknives. 

'I don't, I don't believe it !' Dolly said, trying to catch his 
glance that avoided her. 

'One cannot disbelieve facts, Darya Alexandrovna,' said he, 
with an emphasis on the word 'facts.' 

'But what has she done ?' said Darya Alexandrovna. 'What 
precisely has she done?' 

'She has forsaken her duty, and deceived her husband. 
That's what she has done,' said he. 

'No, no, it can't be ! No, for God's sake, you are mistaken,' 
said Dolly, putting her hands to her temples and closing her 
eyes. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch smiled coldly, with his lips alone, 
meaning to signify to her and to himself the firmness of his 
conviction ; but this warm defence, though it could not shake 
him, reopened his wound. He began to speak with greater 
heat. 

'It is extremely difficult to be mistaken when a wife herself 
informs her husband of the fact — informs him that eight 
years of her life, and a son, all that's a mistake, and that she 
wants to begin life again,' he said angrily, with a snort. 

'Anna and sin — I cannot connect them, I cannot believe 
it!' 

'Darya Alexandrovna,' he said, now looking straight into 
Dolly's kindly, troubled face, and feeling that his tongue was 
being loosened in spite of himself, 'I would give a great deal 
for doubt to be still possible. When I doubted, I was miser- 
able, but it was better than now. When I doubted, I had 
hope ; but now there is no hope, and still I doubt of every- 
thing. I am in such doubt of everything that I even hate my 
son, and sometimes do not believe he is my son. I am very 
unhappy.' 

He had no need to say that. Darya Alexandrovna had 
seen that as soon as he glanced into her face ; and she 

P— 18 



522 LEO TOLSTOY 

felt sorry for him, and her faith in the innocence of her 
friend began to totter. 

'Oh, this is awful, awful ! But can it be true that you are 
resolved on a divorce?' 

'I am resolved on extreme measures. There is nothing 
else for me to do.' 

'Nothing else to do, nothing else to do . . .' she replied, 
with tears in her eyes. 'Oh no, don't say nothing else to 
do !' she said. 

'What is horrible in a trouble of this kind is that one can- 
not, as in any other — in loss, in death — bear one's trouble in 
peace, but that one must act,' said he, as though guessing her 
thought. 'One must get out of the humiliating position in 
which one is placed ; one can't live a trots' 

'I understand, I quite understand that,' said Dolly, and her 
head sank. She was silent for a little, thinking of herself, of 
her own grief in her family, and all at once, with an impul- 
sive movement, she raised her head and clasped her hands 
with an imploring gesture. 'But wait a little ! You are a 
Christian. Think of her ! What will become of her, if 
you cast her off?' 

'I have thought, Darya Alexandrovna, I have thought a 
great deal,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch. His face turned red 
in patches, and his dim eyes looked straight before him. 
Darya Alexandrovna at that moment pitied him with all 
her heart. 'That was what I did indeed when she herself 
made known to me my humiliation ; I left everything as of 
old. I gave her a chance to reform, I tried to save her. 
And with what result? She would not regard the slightest 
request — that she should observe decorum,' he said, getting 
heated. 'One may save any one who does not want to be 
ruined; but if the whole nature is so corrupt, so depraved, 
that ruin itself seems to her salvation, what's to be done?' 

'Anything, only not divorce !' answered Darya Alexan- 
drovna. 

'But what is anything?' 

'No, it is awful! She will be no one's wife; she will be 
lost !' 

'What can I do?' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, raising his 
shoulders and his eyebrows. The recollection of his wife's 



ANNA KARENIN 523 

last act had so incensed him that he had become frigid, as 
at the beginning of the conversation. 'I am very grateful 
for your sympathy, but I must be going,' he said, getting up. 

'No, wait a minute. You must not ruin her. Wait a 
little; I will tell you about myself. I was married, and my 
husband deceived me; in anger and jealous}-, I would have 
thrown up everything. I would myself . . . But I came to 
myself again; and who did it? Anna saved me. And here 
I am living on. The children are growing up, my husband 
has come back to his family, and feels his fault, is growing 
purer, better, and I live on. ... I have forgiven it, and 
you ought to forgive !' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch heard her, but her words had no 
effect on him now. All the hatred of that day when he had 
resolved on a divorce had sprung up again in his soul. He 
shook himself, and said in a shrill, loud voice — 

'Forgive I cannot, and do not wish to, and I regard it as 
wrong. I have done everything for this woman, and she has 
trodden it all in the mud to which she is akin. I am not a 
spiteful man, I have never hated any one, but I hate her with 
my whole soul, and I cannot even forgive her, because I 
hate her too much for all the wrong she has done me !' he 
said, with tones of hatred in his voice. 

'Love those that hate you . . .' Darya Alexandrovna whis- 
pered timorously. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch smiled contemptuously. That he 
knew long ago, but it could not be applied to his case. 

'Love those that hate you, but to love those one hates is 
impossible. Forgive me for having troubled you. Every 
one has enough to bear in his own grief !' And regaining 
his self-possession, Alexey Alexandrovitch quietly took 
leave and went away. 



CHAPTER XIII 

WHEN they rose from table, Levin would have liked 
to follow Kitty into the drawing-room ; but he was 
afraid she might dislike this, as too obviously pay- 
ino- her attention. He remained in the little ring of men, 
t;...i.ig part in the general conversation, and without looking 
at Kitty, he was aware of her movements, her looks, and the 
place where she was in the drawing-room. 

He did at once, and without the smallest effort, keep the 
promise he had made her — always to think well of all men, 
and to like every one always. The conversation fell on 
the village commune, in which Pestsov saw a sort of special 
principle, called by him the 'choral' principle. Levin did 
not agree with Pestsdv, nor with his brother, who had a 
special attitude of his own, both admitting and not admit- 
ting the significance of the Russian commune. But he 
talked to them, simply trying to reconcile and soften their 
differences. He was not in the least interested in what he 
said himself, and even less so in what they said; all he 
wanted was that they and every one should be happy and 
contented. He knew now the one thing of importance ; and 
that one thing was at first there, in the drawing-room, and 
then began moving across and came to a standstill at the 
door. 

Without turning round he felt the eyes fixed on him, and 
the smile, and he could not help turning round. She was 
standing in the doorway with Shtcherbatsky, looking at 
him. 

T thought you were going towards the piano,' said he, 
going up to her. 'That's something I miss in the country — 
music' 

'No ; we only came to fetch you and thank you,' she said, 
rewarding him with a smile that was like a gift, 'for com 
ing. What do they want to argue for? No one ever Co 
vinces any one, you know.' 

524 



ANNA KAREXIN 525 

'Yes ; that's true,' said Levin ; 'it generally happens that 
one argues warmly simply because one can't make out what 
one's opponent wants to prove.' 

Levin had often noticed in discussions between the most 
intelligent people that after enormous efforts, and an enor- 
mous expenditure of logical subtleties and words, the dis- 
putants finally arrived at being aware that what they had so 
long been struggling to prove to one another had long ago, 
from the beginning of the argument, been known to both, 
but that they liked different things, and would not define 
what they liked for fear of its being attacked. He had often 
had the experience of suddenly in a discussion grasping what 
it was his opponent liked and at once liking it too, and 
immediately he found himself agreeing, and then all argu- 
ments fell away as useless. Sometimes, too, he had experi- 
enced the opposite, expressing at last what he liked himself, 
which he was devising arguments to defend, and, chancing 
to express it well and genuinely, he had found his opponent 
at once agreeing and ceasing to dispute his position. He 
tried to say this. 

She knitted her brow, trying to understand. But di- 
rectly he began to illustrate his meaning, she understood at 
once. 

'I know: one must find out what he is arguing for, what is 
precious to him, then one can . . .' 

She had completely guessed and expressed his badly ex- 
pressed idea. Levin smiled joyfully; he was struck by this 
transition from the confused, verbose discussion with Pestsov 
and his brother to this laconic, clear, almost wordless com- 
munication of the most complex ideas. 

Shtcherbatsky moved away from them, and Kitty, going up 
to a card-table, sat down, and, taking up the chalk, began 
drawing diverging circles over the new green cloth. 

They began again on the subject that had been started at 
dinner — the liberty and occupations of women. Levin was 
of the opinion of Darya Alexandrovna that a girl who did 
not marry should find a woman's duties in a family. He 
supported this view by the fact that no family can get on 
without women to help ; that in every family, poor or rich, 
there are and must be nurses, either relations or hired. 



526 LEO TOLSTOY 

'No,' said Kitty, blushing, but looking at him all the more 
boldly with her truthful eyes ; 'a girl may be so circum- 
stanced that she cannot live in the family without humiliation, 
while she herself . . .' 

At the hint he understood her. 

'Oh yes,' he said. 'Yes, yes, yes — you're right ; you're 
right !' 

And he saw all that Pestsov had been maintaining at 
dinner of the liberty of woman, simply from getting a 
glimpse of the terror of an old maid's existence and its 
humiliation in Kitty's heart; and loving her, he felt that 
terror and humiliation, and at once gave up his arguments. 

A silence followed. She was still drawing with the chalk 
on the table. Her eyes were shining with a soft light. 
Under the influence of her mood he felt in all his being a 
continually growing tension of happiness. 

'Ah ! I've scribbled all over the table !' she said, and, laying 
down the chalk, she made a movement as though to get up. 

'What! shall I be left alone — without her?' he thought 
with horror, and he took the chalk. 'Wait a minute,' he 
said, sitting down to the table. 'I've long wanted to ask you 
one thing.' 

He looked straight into her caressing, though frightened 
eyes. 

'Please, ask it.' 

'Here,' he said ; and he wrote the initial letters, w, y, t, m, 
i, c, n, b, d, t, m, n, o, t. These letters meant, 'When you 
told me it could never be, did that mean never or then?' 
There seemed no likelihood that she could make out this 
complicated sentence; but he looked at her as though his life 
depended on her understanding the words. She glanced at 
him seriously, then leaned her puckered brow on her hands 
and began to read. Once or twice she stole a look at him, 
as though asking him, 'Is it what I think ?' 

'I understand,' she said, flushing a little. 

'What is this word?' he said pointing to the n that stood 
for never. 

'It means never,' she said ; 'but that's not true !' 

He quickly rubbed out what he had written, gave her the 
chalk, and stood up. She wrote, t, i, c, n, a, d. 



ANXA KARENIN 527 

Dolly was completely comforted in the depression caused 
by her conversation with Alexey Alexandrovitch when she 
caught sight of the two figures : Kitty with the chalk in her 
hand, with a shy and happy smile looking upwards at Levin, 
and his handsome figure bending over the table with glowing 
eyes fastened one minute on the table and the next on her. 
He was suddenly radiant: he had understood. It meant, 
'Then I could not answer differently.' 

He glanced at her questioningly, timidly. 

'Only then ?' 

'Yes,' her smile answered. 

'And n . . . and now?' he asked. 

'Well, read this. I'll tell you what I should like — should 
like so much !' She wrote the initial letters, i, y, c, f, a, f, 
w, h. This meant, "If you could forget and forgive what 
happened.' 

He snatched the chalk with nervous, trembling fingers, and, 
breaking it. wrote the initial letters of the following phrase, 
'I have nothing to forget and to forgive ; I have never ceased 
to love you.' 

She glanced at him with a smile that did not waver. 

'I understand,' she said in a whisper. 

He sat down and wrote a long phrase. She understood it 
all, and without asking him, 'Is it this?' took the chalk and 
at once answered. 

For a long while he could not understand what she had 
written, and often looked into her eyes. He was stupefied 
with happiness. He could not supply the words she had 
meant ; but in her charming eyes, beaming with happiness, he 
saw all he needed to know. And he wrote three letters. But 
he had hardly finished writing when she read them over her 
arm, and herself finished and wrote the answer, 'Yes,' 

'You're playing secretaire?' said the old prince. "But we 
must really be getting along if you want to be in time at the 
theatre.' 

Levin got up and escorted Kitty to the door. 

In their conversation everything had been said ; it had been 
said that she loved him, and that she would tell her father 
and mother that he would come to-morrow morning. 



CHAPTER XIV 

WHEN Kitty had gone and Levin was left alone, he 
felt such uneasiness without her, and such an im- 
patient longing to get as quickly, as quickly as 
possible, to to-morrow morning, when he would see her again 
and be plighted to her for ever, that he felt afraid, as though 
of death, of those fourteen hours that he had to get through 
without her. It was essential for him to be with some one 
to talk to, so as not to be left alone, to kill time. Stepan 
Arkadyevitch would have been the companion most congenial 
to him, but he was going out, he said, to a soiree, in reality 
to the ballet. Levin only had time to tell him he was happy, 
and that he loved him, and would never, never forget what he 
had done for him. The eyes and the smile of Stepan Arka- 
dyevitch showed Levin that he comprehended that feeling 
fittingly. 

'Oh, so it's not time to die yet ?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
pressing Levin's hand with emotion. 

'N-n-no !' said Levin. 

Darya Alexandrovna too, as she said good-bye to him, 
gave him a sort of congratulation, saying, 'How glad I am 
you have met Kitty again ! One must value old friends.' 
Levin did not like these words of Darya Alexandrovna's. 
She could not understand how lofty and beyond her it all 
was, and she ought not to have dared to allude to it. Levin 
said good-bye to them, but, not to be left alone, he attached 
himself to his brother. 

'Where are you going?' 

'I'm going to a meeting.' 

'Well, I'll come with you. Can I?' 

'What for? Yes, come along,' said Sergey Ivanovitch, 
smiling. 'What is the matter with you to-day?' 

'With me? Happiness is the matter with me!' said Levin, 
letting down the window of the carriage they were driving 
in. 'You don't mind? — it's so stifling. It's happiness is the 
matter with me! Why rs it you have never married?' 

528 



ANNA KARENIN 529 

Sergey Ivanovitch smiled. 

'I am very glad, she seems a nice gi . . .' Sergey Ivano- 
vitch was beginning. 

'Don't say it ! don't say it !' shouted Levin, clutching at 
the collar of his fur coat with both hands, and muffling him 
up in it. 'She's a nice girl' were such simple, humble words, 
so out of harmony with his feeling. 

Sergey Ivanovitch laughed outright a merry laugh, which 
was rare with him. 

'Well, anyway, I may say that I'm very glad of it.' 

'That you may do to-morrow, to-morrow and nothing 
more ! Nothing, nothing, silence,' said Levin, and muffling 
him once more in his fur coat, he added : 'I do like you so ! 
Well, is it possible for me to be present at the meeting?' 

'Of course it is.' 

'What is your discussion about to-day?' asked Levin, never 
ceasing smiling. 

They arrived at the meeting. Levin heard the secretary 
hesitatingly read the minutes which he obviously did not 
himself understand; but Levin saw from this secretary's face 
what a good, nice, kind-hearted person he was. This was 
evident from his confusion and embarrassment in reading 
the minutes. Then the discussion began. They were dis- 
puting about the misappropriation of certain sums and the 
laying of certain pipes, and Sergey Ivanovitch was very 
cutting to two members, and said something at great length 
with an air of triumph ; and another member, scribbling 
something on a bit of paper, began timidly at first, but after- 
wards answered him very viciously and delightfully. And 
then Sviazhsky (he was there too) said something too, very 
handsomely and nobly. Levin listened to them, and saw 
clearly that these missing sums and these pipes were not 
anything real, and that they were not at all angry, but were 
all the nicest, kindest people, and everything was as happy 
and charming as possible among them. They did no harm 
to any one, and were all enjoying it. What struck Levin was 
that he could see through them all to-day, and from little, 
almost imperceptible signs knew the soul of each, and saw 
distinctly that they were all good at heart. And Levin him- 
self in particular they were all extremely fond of that day. 



530 LEO TOLSTOY 

That was evident from the way they spoke to him, from the 
friendly, afifectionate way even those he did not know looked 
at him. 

'Well, did you like it?' Sergey Ivanovitch asked him. 

'Very much. I never supposed it was so interesting! 
Capital ! Splendid !' 

Sviazhsky went up to Levin and invited him to come round 
to tea with him. Levin was utterly at a loss to comprehend 
or recall what it was he had disliked in Sviazhsky, what he 
had failed to find in him. He was a clever and wonderfully 
good-hearted man. 

'Most delighted,' he said, and asked after his wife and 
sister-in-law. And from a queer association of ideas, because 
in his imagination the idea of Sviazhsky's sister-in-law was 
connected with marriage, it occurred to him that there was 
no one to whom he could more suitably speak of his happi- 
ness, and he was very glad to go and see them. 

Sviazhsky questioned him about his improvements on his 
estate, presupposing, as he always did, that there was no 
possibility of doing anything not done already in Europe, and 
now this did not in the least annoy Levin. On the contrary, 
he felt that Sviazhsky was right, that the whole business was 
of little value, and he saw the wonderful softness and con- 
sideration with which Sviazhsky avoided fully expressing his 
correct view. The ladies of the Sviazhsky household were 
particularly delightful. It seemed to Levin that they knew 
all about it already and sympathised with him, saying nothing 
merely from delicacy. He stayed with them one hour, two, 
three, talking of all sorts of subjects but the one thing that 
filled his heart, and did not observe that he was boring them 
dreadfully, and that it was long past their bedtime. 

Sviazhsky went with him into the hall, yawning and won- 
dering at the strange humour his friend was in. It was past 
one o'clock. Levin went back to his hotel, and was dismayed 
at the thought that all alone now with his impatience he had 
ten hours still left to get through. The servant, whose turn 
it was to be up all night, lighted his candles, and would have 
gone away, but Levin stopped him. This servant, Yegor, 
whom Levin had noticed before, struck him as a very intelli- 
gent, excellent, and, above all, good-hearted man. 



ANNA KARENIN 531 

'Well, Yegor, it's hard work not sleeping, isn't it ?' 

'One's got to put up with it ! It's part of our work, you 
see. In a gentleman's house it's easier ; but then here one 
makes more.' 

It appeared that Yegor had a family, three boys and a 
daughter, a sempstress, whom he wanted to marry to a 
cashier in a saddler's shop. 

Levin, on hearing this, informed Yegor that, in his opinion, 
in marriage the great thing was love, and that with love 
one would always be happy, for happiness rests only on 
oneself. 

Yegor listened attentively, and obviously quite took in 
Levin's idea, but by way of assent to it he enunciated, greatly 
to Levin's surprise, the observation that when he had lived 
with good masters he had always been satisfied with his 
masters, and now was perfectly satisfied with his employer, 
though he was a Frenchman. 

'Wonderfully good-hearted fellow !' thought Levin. 

'Well, but you yourself, Yegor, when you got married, did 
you love your wife?' 

'Ay ! and why not ?' responded Yegor. 

And Levin saw that Yegor too was in an excited state and 
intending to express all his most heartfelt emotions. 

'My life, too, has been a wonderful one. From a child 
up . . .' he was beginning with flashing eyes, apparently 
catching Levin's enthusiasm, just as people catch yawning. 

But at that moment a ring was heard. Yegor departed, 
and Levin was left alone. He had eaten scarcely anything at 
dinner, had refused tea and supper at Sviazhsky's, but he 
was incapable of thinking of supper. He had not slept the 
previous night, but was incapable of thinking of sleep either. 
His room was cool, but he was oppressed by heat. He opened 
both the movable panes in his window and sat down to the 
table opposite the open panes. Over the snow-covered roofs 
could be seen a decorated cross with chains, and above it the 
rising triangle of Charles's Wain with the yellowish light 
of Capella. He gazed at the cross, then at the stars, drank 
in the fresh freezing air that flowed evenly into the room, 
and followed as though in a dream the images and memories 
that rose in his imagination. At four o'clock he heard steps 



532 LEO TOLSTOY 

in the passage and peeped out at the door. It was the 
gambler Myaskin, whom he knew, coming from the club. 
He walked gloomily, frowning and coughing. 'Poor, un- 
lucky fellow !' thought Levin, and tears came into his eyes 
from love and pity for this man. He would have talked with 
him, and tried to comfort him, but remembering that he had 
nothing but his shirt on, he changed his mind and sat down 
again at the open pane to bathe in the cold air and gaze at 
the exquisite lines of the cross, silent, but full of meaning for 
him, and the mounting lurid yellow star. At seven o'clock 
there was a noise of people polishing the floors, and bells ring- 
ing in some servants* department, and Levin felt that he was 
beginning to get frozen. He closed the pane, washed, 
dressed, and went out into the street. 



CHAPTER XV 

THE streets were still empty. Levin went to the house 
of the Shtcherbatskys. The visitors' doors were closed 
and everything was asleep. He walked back, went 
into his room again, and asked for coffee. The day servant, 
not Yegor this time, brought it him. Levin would have 
entered into conversation with him, but a bell rang for the 
servant, and he went out. Levin tried to drink coffee and 
put some roll in his mouth, but his mouth was quite at a loss 
what to do with the roll. Levin, rejecting the roll, put on 
his coat and went out again for a walk. It was nine o'clock 
when he reached the Shtcherbatskys' steps the second time. 
In the house they were only just up, and the cook came out 
to go marketing. He had to get through at least two hours 
more. 

All that night and morning Levin lived perfectly uncon- 
sciously, and felt perfectly lifted out of the conditions of 
material life. He had eaten nothing for a whole day, he 
had not slept for two nights, had spent several hours un- 
dressed in the frozen air, and felt not simply fresher and 
stronger than ever, but felt utterly independent of his body ; 
he moved without muscular effort, and felt as if he could 
do anything. He was convinced he could fly upwards or Uft 
the corner of the house, if need be. He spent the remainder 
of the time in the street, incessantly looking at his watch and 
gazing about him. 

And what he saw then, he never saw again after. The 
children especially going to school, the bluish doves flying 
down from the roofs to ^he pavement, and the little loaves 
covered with flour, thrust out by an unseen hand, touched 
him. Those loaves, those doves, and those two boys were 
not earthly creatures. It all happened at the same time : a 
boy ran towards a dove and glanced smiling at Levin ; the 
dove, with a whir of her wings, darted away, flashing in 
the sun, amid grains of snow that quivered in the air, while 

533 



534 LEO TOLSTOY 

from a little window there came a smell of fresh-baked 
bread, and the loaves were put out. All of this together 
was so extraordinarily nice that Levin laughed and cried with 
delight. Going a long way round by Gazetny Place and 
Kislovka, he went back again to the hotel, and putting his 
watch before him, he sat down to wait for twelve o'clock. 
In the next room they were talking about some sort of ma- 
chines, and swindling, and coughing their morning coughs. 
They did not realise that the hand was near twelve. The 
hand reached it. Levin went out on to the steps. The 
sledge-drivers clearly knew all about it. They crowded 
round Levin with happy faces, quarrelling among themselves, 
and offering their services. Trying not to offend the other 
sledge-drivers, and promising to drive with them too, Levin 
took one and told him to drive to the Shtcherbatskys'. The 
sledge-driver was splendid in a white shirt-collar, sticking 
out Over his Overcoat and into his strong, full-blooded red 
neck. The sledge was high and comfortable, and altogether 
such a One as Levin never drove in after, and the horse was 
a good one, and tried to gallop but didn't seem to move. The 
driver knew the Shtcherbatskys' house, and drew up at the 
entrance with a curve of his arm and a 'Wo !' especially 
indicative of respect for his fare. The Shtcherbatskys' hall- 
porter certainly knew all about it. This was evident from 
the smile in his eyes and the way he said — 

'Well, it's a long while since you've been to see us, Kon- 
stantin Dmitrievitch !' 

Not Only he knew all about it, but he was unmistakably 
delighted and making efforts to conceal his joy. Looking into 
his kindly old eyes, Levin realised even something new in 
his happiness. 

'Are they up?' 

Tray walk in ! Leave it here,' said he, smiling, as Levin 
would have come back to take his hat. That meant 
something. 

'To whom shall I announce your honour?' asked the 
footman. 

The footman, though a young man, and one of the new 
school of footmen, a dandy, was a very kind-hearted, good 
fellow, and he too knew all about it. 



ANNA KARENIN 535 

'The princess . . . the prince . . . the young princess 
. . .' said Levin. 

The first person he saw was Mademoiselle Linon. She 
walked across the room, and her ringlets and her face were 
beaming. He had only just spoken to her, when suddenly he 
heard the rustle of a skirt at the door, and Mademoiselle 
Linon vanished from Levin's eyes, and a joyful terror came 
over him at the nearness of his happiness. Mademoiselle 
Linon was in great haste, and leaving him, went out at the 
ofher door. Directly she had gone out, swift, swift light steps 
sounded on the parquet, and his bliss, his life, himself — 
what was best in himself, what he had so long sought and 
longed for — was quickly, so quickly approaching him. She 
did not walk, but seemed, by some unseen force, to float to 
him. He saw nothing but her clear, truthful eyes, fright- 
ened by the same bliss of love that flooded his heart. Those 
eyes were shining nearer and nearer, blinding him with their 
light of love. 

She stopped still close to him, touching him. Her hands 
rose and dropped on to his shoulders. 

She had done all she could — she had run up to him and 
given herself up entirely, shy and happy. He put his arms 
round her and pressed his lips to her mouth that sought his 
kiss. 

She too had not slept all night, and had been expecting him 
all the morning. 

Her mother and father had consented without demur, and 
were happy in her happiness. She had been waiting for him. 
She wanted to be the first to tell him her happiness and his. 
She had got ready to see him alone, and had been delighted 
at the idea, and had been shy and ashamed, and did not know 
herself what she was doing. She had heard his steps and 
voice, and had waited at the door for Mademoiselle Linon 
to go. Mademoiselle Linon had gone away. Without think- 
ing, without asking herself how and what, she had gone up to 
him, and did as she was doing. 

'Let us go to mamma !' she said, taking him by the hand. 
For a long while he could say nothing, not so much because 
he was afraid of desecrating the loftiness of his emotion by 
a word, as that every time he tried to say something, instead 



536 LEO TOLSTOY 

of words he felt that tears of happiness were welling up. 
He took her hand and kissed it. 

'Can it be true?' he said at last in a choked voice. 'I 
can't believe you love me, dear !' 

She smiled at that 'dear,' and at the timidity with which 
he glanced at her. 

'Yes !' she said significantly, deliberately. 'I am so happy !' 

Not letting go his hands, she went into the drawing-room. 
The princess, seeing them, breathed quickly, and immediately 
began to cry and then immediately began to laugh, and with 
a vigorous step Levin had not expected, ran up to him, and 
hugging his head, kissed him, wetting his cheeks with her 
tears. 

'So it is all settled ! I am glad. Love her. I am glad 
. . . Kitty !' 

'You've not been long settling things,' said the old prince, 
trying to seem unmoved ; but Levin noticed that his eyes 
were wet when he turned to him. 

'I've long, always wished for this !' said the prince, taking 
Levin by the arm and drawing him towards himself. 'Even 
when this little feather-head fancied . . .' 

'Papa !' shrieked Kitty, and shut his mouth with her hands. 

'Well, I won't !' he said. 'I'm very, very . . . plea . . . 
Oh, what a fool I am . . .' 

He embraced Kitty, kissed her face, her hand, her face 
again, and made the sign of the cross over her. 

And there came over Levin a new feeling of love for this 
man, till then so little known to him, when he saw how slowly 
and tenderly Kitty kissed his muscular hand. 



CHAPTER XVI 

THE princess sat in her armchair, silent and smiling; the 
prince sat down beside her. Kitty stood by her 
father's chair, still holding his hand. All were silent. 

The princess was the first to put everything into words, 
and to translate all thoughts and feelings into practical 
questions. And all equally felt this strange and painful for 
the first minute. 

'When is it to be? We must have the benediction and 
announcement. And when's the wedding to be? What do 
you think, Alexander?' 

'Here he is,' said the old prince, pointing to Levin — 'he's 
the principal person in the matter.' 

'When?' said Levin blushing. 'To-morrow, li you ask 
me, I should say, the benediction to-day and the wedding 
to-morrow.' 

'Come, mojt chcr, that's nonsense !' 

'Well, in a week.' 

'He's quite mad.' 

'No, why so?' 

'Well, upon my word!' said the mother smiling, delighted 
at this haste. 'How about the trousseau?' 

'Will there really be a trousseau and all that?' Levin 
thought with horror. 'But can the trousseau and the bene- 
diction and all that — can it spoil my happiness? Nothing 
can spoil it !' He glanced at Kitty, and noticed that she 
was not in the least, not in the very least, disturbed by the 
idea of the trousseau. 'Then it must be all right,' he thought. 

'Oh, I know nothing about it; I only said what I should 
like,' he said apologetically. 

'We'll talk it over, then. The benediction and announce- 
ment can take place now. That's very well.' 

The princess went up to her husband, kissed him, and 
would have gone away, but he kept her, embraced her, and, 
tenderly as a young lover, kissed her several times, smiling. 

537 



538 LEO TOLSTOY 

The old people were obviously muddled for a moment, and 
did not quite know whether it was the}' who were in love 
again or their daughter. When the prince and the princess 
had gone, Levin went up to his betrothed and took her hand. 
He was self-possessed now and could speak, and he had a 
great deal he wanted to tell her. But he said not at all what 
he had to say. 

'How I knew it would be so ! I never hoped for it ; and 
yet in my heart I was always sure,' he said. 'I believe that 
it was ordained.' 

'And I !' she said. 'Even when . . .' She stopped and 
went on again, looking at him resolutely with her truthful 
eyes, 'Even when I thrust from me my happiness. I always 
loved you alone, but I was carried away. I ought to tell you 
. . . Can you forgive it?' 

'Perhaps it was for the best. You will have to forgive 
me so much. I ought to tell you . . .' 

This was one of the things he had meant to speak about. 
He had resolved from the first to tell her two things — that 
he was not chaste as she was, and that he was not a believer. 
It was agonising, but he considered he ought to tell her both 
these facts. 

'No, not now, later !' he said. 

'Very well, later, but you must certainly tell me. I'm not 
afraid of anything. I want to know everything. Now it is 
settled.' 

He added : 'Settled that you'll take me whatever I may be 
— you won't give me up? Yes?' 

'Yes, yes.' 

Their conversation was interrupted by Mademoiselle 
Linon, who with an affected but tender smile came to con- 
gratulate her favourite pupil. Before she had gone, the 
servants came in with their congratulations. Then rela- 
tions arrived, and there began that state of blissful absurdity 
from which Levin did not emerge till the day after his 
wedding. Levin was in a continual state of awkwardness 
and discomfort, but the intensity of his happiness went on 
all the while' increasing. He felt continually that a great 
deal was being expected of him — what, he did not know ; 
and he did everything he was told, and it all gave him 



ANNA KARENIN 539 

happiness. He had thought his engagement would have 
nothing about it Hke others, that the ordinary conditions 
of engaged couples would spoil his special happiness; but 
it ended in his doing exactly as other people did, and his 
happiness being only increased thereby and becoming more 
and more special, more and more unlike anything that had 
ever happened. 

'Now we shall have sweetmeats to eat,' said Mademoiselle 
Linon — and Levin drove off to buy sweetmeats. 

'Well, I'm very glad,* said Sviazhsky. 'I advise yOu to 
get the bouquets from Fomin's.' 

'Oh, are they wanted?' And he drove to Fomin's. 

His brother offered to lend him money, as he would have 
so many expenses, presents to give. . . . 

'Oh, are presents wanted?' And he galloped to Foulde's. 

And at the confectioner's, and at Fomin's, and at Foulde's 
he saw that he was expected; that they were pleased to see 
him, and prided themselves on his happiness, just as every 
one whom he had to do with during those days. What was 
extraordinary was that every one not Only liked him, but 
even people previously unsympathetic, cold, and callous, were 
enthusiastic over him, gave way to him in everything, treated 
his feeling with tenderness and delicacy, and shared his 
conviction that he was the happiest man in the world because 
his betrothed was beyond perfection. Kitty too felt the same 
thing. When Countess Nordston ventured to hint that she 
had hoped for something better, Kitty was so angry and 
proved so conclusively that nothing in the world could be 
better than Levin, that Countess Nordston had to admit it, 
and in Kitty's presence never met Levin without a smile of 
ecstatic admiration. 

The confession he had promised was the one painful inci- 
dent of this time. He consulted the old prince, and with 
his sanction gave Kitty his diary, in which there was written 
the confession that tortured him. He had written this diary 
at the time with a view to his future wife. Two things 
caused him anguish : his lack of purity and his lack of faith. 
His confession of unbelief passed unnoticed. She was 
religious, had never doubted the truths of religion, but his 
external unbelief did not affect her in the least. Through 



540 LEO TOLSTOY 

love she knew all his soul, and in his soul she saw what she 
wanted, and that such a state of soul should be called unbe- 
lieving was to her a matter of no account. The other con- 
fession set her weeping bitterly. 

Levin, not without an inner struggle, handed her his 
diary. He knew that between him and her there could not 
be, and should not be, secrets, and so he had decided that 
so it must be. But he had not realised what an effect it 
would have on her, he had not put himself in her place. It 
was only when the same evening he came to their house 
before the theatre, went into her room and saw her tear- 
stained, pitiful, sweet face, miserable with suffering he had 
caused and nothing could undo, he felt the abyss that sepa- 
rated his shameful past from her dovelike purity, and was 
appalled at what he had done. 

'Take them, take these dreadful books !' she said, pushing 
away the notebooks lying before her on the table. 'Why did 
you give them me? No, it was better anyway,' she added, 
touched by his despairing face. 'But it's awful, awful !' 

His head sank, and he was silent. He could say nothing. 

'You can't forgive me,' he whispered. 

'Yes, I forgive you ; but it's terrible !' 

But his happiness was so immense that this confession did 
not shatter it, it only added another shade to it. She forgave 
him ; but from that time more than ever he considered 
himself unworthy of her, morally bowed down lower than 
ever before her, and prized more highly than ever his unde- 
served happiness. 



CHAPTER XVII 

UNCONSCIOUSLY going over in his memory the con- 
versations that had taken place during and after 
dinner, Alexey Alexandrovitch returned to his soH- 
tary room. Darya Alexandrovna's words about forgiveness 
had aroused in him nothing but annoyance. The applicabil- 
ity or non-applicability of the Christian precept to his own 
case was too difficult a question to be discussed lightly, and 
this question had long ago been answered by Alexey Alex- 
androvitch in the negative. Of all that had been said, what 
stuck most in his memory was the phrase of stupid, good- 
natured Turovtsin — 'Acted like a man, he did.' Called 
him out and shot him!' Every one had apparently 
shared this feeling, though from politeness they had not 
expressed it. 

'But the matter is settled, it's useless thinking about it,' 
Alexey Alexandrovitch told himself. And thinking of noth- 
ing but the journey before him, and the revision work he 
had to do, he went into his room and asked the porter who 
escorted him where his man was. The porter said that 
the man had only just gone out. Alexey Alexandrovitch 
ordered tea to be sent him, sat down to the table, and 
taking the guide-book, began considering the route of his 
journey. 

'Two telegrams,' said his manservant, coming into the 
room. 'I beg your pardon, your excellency; I'd only just 
that minute gone out.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch took the telegrams and opened 
them. The first telegram was the announcement of Stre- 
mov's appointment to the very post Karenin had coveted. 
Alexey Alexandrovitch flung the telegram down, and flush- 
ing a little, got up and began to pace up and down the room. 
'Quos vnlt perdere dcmentat,' he said, meaning by qiios the 
persons responsible for this appointment. He was not so 

541 



542 LEO TOLSTOY 

much annoyed that he had not received the post, that he 
had been conspicuously passed over ; but it was incompre- 
hensible, amazing to him that they did not see that the 
wordy phrase-monger Stremov was the last man fit for it. 
How could they fail to see how they were ruining them- 
selves, lowering their prestige by this appointment? 

'Something else in the same line,' he said to himself bit- 
terly, opening the second telegram. The telegram was from 
his wife. Her name, written in blue pencil, 'Anna,' was the 
first thing that caught his eye. 'I am dying; I beg, I implore 
you to come. I shall die easier with your forgiveness,' he 
read. He smiled contemptuously, and flung down the tele- 
gram. That this was a trick and a fraud, of that, he thought 
for the first minute, there could be no doubt. 

'There is no deceit she would stick at. She was near her 
confinement. Perhaps it is the confinement. But what can 
be their aim? To legitimise the child, to compromise me, 
and prevent a divorce,' he thought. But something was 
said in it : I am dying . . .' He read the telegram again, 
and suddenly the plain meaning of what was said in it struck 
him. 

'And if it is true?' he said to himself. 'H it is true that 
in the moment of agony and nearness to death she is gen- 
uinely penitent, and I, taking it for a trick, refuse to go? 
That would not only be cruel, and every one would blame 
me, but it would be stupid on my part.' 

'Piotr, call a coach; I am going to Petersburg,' he said to 
his servant. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch decided that he would go to Peters- 
burg and see his wife. If her illness was a trick, he would 
say nothing and go a\Vay again, li she were really in danger, 
and wished to see him before her death, he would forgive 
her if he found her alive, and pay her the last duties if he 
came too late. 

All the way he thought no more of what he ought to 
do. 

With a sense of weariness and uncleanness from the night 
spent in the train, in the early fog of Petersburg Alexey 
Alexandrovitch drove through the deserted Nevsky and 
stared straight before him, not thinking of what was await- 



ANNA KARENIN 543 

ing him. He could not think about it, because in picturing 
what would happen, he could not drive away the reflection 
that her death would at once remove all the difficulty of his 
position. Bakers, closed shops, night-cabmen, porters sweep- 
ing the pavements flashed past his eyes, and he watched it all, 
trying to smother the thought of what was awaiting him, 
and what he dared not hope for, and yet was hoping for. 
He drove up to the steps. A sledge and a carriage with 
the coachman asleep stood at the entrance. As he went 
into the entry, Alexey Alexandrovitch, as it were, got out 
his resolution from the remotest corner of his brain, and 
mastered it thoroughly. Its meaning ran : 'If it's a trick, 
then calm contempt and departure. If truth, do what is 
proper.' 

The porter opened the door before Alexey Alexandrovitch 
rang. The porter, Kapitonitch, looked queer in an old coat, 
without a tie, and in slippers. 

'How is your mistress?' 

'A successful confinement yesterday.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch stopped short and turned white. 
He felt distinctly now how intensely he had longed for 
her death. 

'And' how is she?' 

Korney in his morning apron ran downstairs. 

'Very ill,' he answered. 'There was a consultation yes- 
terday, and the doctor's here now.' 

'Take my things,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, and feeling 
some relief at the news that there was still hope of her 
death, he went into the hall. 

On the hatstand there was a military overcoat. Alexey 
Alexandrovitch noticed it and asked — 

'Who is here ?' 

'The doctor, the midwife, and Count Vronsky.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch went into the inner rooms. 

In the drawing-room there was no one; at the sound of 
his steps there came out of her boudoir the midwife in a 
cap with lilac ribbons. 

She went up to Alexey Alexandrovitch, and with the 
familiarity given by the approach of death took him by 
the arm and drew him towards the bedroom. 



544 LEO TOLSTOY 

'Thank God youN^e come ! She keeps on about you and 
nothing but you,' she said. 

'Make haste with the ice !' the doctor's peremptory voice 
said from the bedroom. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch went into her boudoir. 

At the table, sitting sideways in a low chair, was Vronsky, 
his face hidden in his hands, weeping. He jumped up at the 
doctor's voice, took his hands from his face, and saw Alexey 
Alexandrovitch. Seeing the husband, he was so over- 
whelmed that he sat down again, drawing his head down 
to his shoulders, as if he wanted to disappear; but he made 
an effort over himself, got up and said — 

'She is dying. The doctors say there is no hope. I am 
entirely in your power, only let me be here . . . though I am 
at your disposal. I . . .' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch, seeing Vronsky's tears, felt a rush 
of that nervous emotion always produced in him by the 
sight of other people's sufferings, and turning away his face, 
he moved hurriedly to the door, without hearing the rest of 
his words. From the bedroom came the sound of Anna's 
voice saying something. Her voice was lively, eager, with 
exceedingly distinct intonations. Alexey Alexandrovitch 
went into the bedroom, and went up to the bed. She was 
lying turned with her face towards him. Her cheeks were 
flushed crimson, her eyes glittered, her little white hands 
thrust out from the sleeves of her dressing-gown were play- 
ing with the quilt, twisting it about. It seemed as though 
she were not only well and blooming, but in the happiest 
frame of mind. She was talking rapidly, musically, and 
with exceptionally correct articulation and expressive 
intonation. 

'For Alexey — I am speaking of Alexey Alexandrovitch 
(what a strange and awful thing that both are Alexey, isn't 
it?) — Alexey would not refuse me. I should forget, he would 
forgive. . . . But why doesn't he come? He's so good, he 
doesn't know himself how good he is. Ah, my God, what 
agony ! Give me some water, quick ! Oh, that will be bad 
for her, my little girl ! Oh, very well then, give her to a 
nurse. Yes, I agree, it's better in fact. He'll be coming; 
it will hurt him to see her. Give her to the nurse.' 



ANNA KARENIN 545 

'Anna Arkadyevna, he has come. Here he is!' said the 
midwife, trying to attract her attention to Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch. 

'Oh, what nonsense !' Anna went on, not seeing her hus- 
band. 'No, give her to me ; give me my little one ! He has 
not come yet. You say he won't forgive me, because you 
don't know him. No one knows him. I'm the only one, 
and it was hard for me even. His eyes I ought to know — 
Seryozha has just the same eyes — and I can't bear to see 
them because of it. Has Seryozha had his dinner? I 
know every one will forget him. He would not forget. 
Seryozha must be moved into the corner room, and Mariette 
must be asked to sleep with him.' 

All of a sudden she shrank back, was silent ; and in 
terror, as though expecting a blow, as though to defend 
herself, she raised her hands to her face. She had seen 
her husband. 

'No, no !' she began. 'I am not afraid of him ; I am afraid 
of death. Alexey, come here. I am in a hurry, because I've 
no time, I've not long left to live; the fever will begin 
directly and I shall understand nothing more. Now I under- 
stand, I understand it all, I see it all !' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch's wrinkled face wore an expression 
of agony ; he took her by the hand and tried to say something, 
but he could not utter it ; his lower lip quivered, but he 
still went on struggling with his emotion, and only now 
and then glanced at her. And each time he glanced at her, 
he saw her eyes gazing at him with such passionate and 
triumphant tenderness as he had never seen in them. 

'Wait a minute, you don't know . . . stay a little, stay ! 
. . .' She stopped, as though collecting her ideas. 'Yes,' 
she began ; 'yes, yes, yes. This is what I wanted to say. 
Don't be surprised at me. I'm still the same . . . But there 
is another woman in me, I'm afraid of her: she loved 
that man, and I tried to hate you, and could not forget 
about her that used to be. I'm not that woman. Now 
I'm my real self, all myself. I'm dying now, I know I 
shall die, ask him. Even now I feel — see here, the weights 
on my feet, on my hands, on my fingers. My fingers — see 
how huge they are ! But this will soon all be over . . . Only 



546 LEO TOLSTOY 

one thing I want : forgive me, forgive me quite. I'm terri- 
ble, but my nurse used to tell me ; the holy martyr — what 
was her name ? She was worse. And I'll go to Rome ; 
there's a wilderness, and there I shall be no trouble to any 
one, only I'll take Seryozha and the little one . . . No, 
you can't forgive me ! I know, it can't be forgiven ! 
No, no, go away, you're too good !' She held his hand 
in one burning hand, while she pushed him away with the 
other. 

The nervous agitation of Alexey Alexandrovitch kept 
increasing, and had by now reached such a point that he 
ceased to struggle with it. He suddenly felt that what he 
had regarded as nervous agitation was on the contrary a 
blissful spiritual condition that gave him all at once a new 
happiness he had never known. He did not think that the 
Christian law that he had been all his life trying to follow, 
enjoined on him to forgive and love his enemies; but a glad 
feeling of love and forgiveness for his enemies filled his 
heart. He knelt down, and laying his head in the curve of 
her arm, which burned him as with fire through the sleeve, 
he sobbed like a little child. She put her arm round his 
head, moved towards him, and with defiant pride lifted up 
her eyes. 

'That is he. I knew him ! Now, forgive me, every one, 
forgive me ! . . . They've come again ; why don't they go 
away? . . , Oh, take these cloaks off me!' 

The doctor unloosed her hands, carefully laying her on 
the pillow, and covered her up to the shoulders. She lay 
back submissively, and looked before her with beaming 
eyes. 

'Remember one thing, that I needed nothing but forgive- 
ness, and I want nothing more. . . . Why doesn't he come?' 
she said, turning to the door towards Vronsky. 'Do come, 
do come ! Give him your hand.' 

Vronsky came to the side of the bed, and seeing Anna, 
again hid his face in his hands. 

'Uncover your face — look at him! He's a saint,' she said. 
'Oh ! uncover your face, do uncover it !' she said angrily. 
'Alexey Alexandrovitch, do uncover his face ! I want to see 
him.' 



ANNA KARENIN 547 

Alexey Alexandrovitch took Vronsky's hand and drew 
them away from his face, which was awful with the expres- 
sion of agony and shame upon it. 

'Give him your hand. Forgive him.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch gave him his hand, not attempting 
to restrain the tears that streamed from his eyes. 

'Thank God, thank God !' she said, 'now everything is 
ready. Only to stretch my legs a little. There, that's capi- 
tal. How badly these flowers are done — not a bit like a 
violet,' she said, pointing to the hangings. 'My God, my 
God ! when will it end ? Give me some morphine. Doctor, 
give me some morphine ! Oh, my God, my God !' 

And she tossed about on the bed. 

The doctors said that it was puerperal fever, and that it 
v.as ninety-nine chances in a hundred it would end in death. 
The whole day long there was fever, delirium, and uncon- 
sciousness. At midnight the patient lay without conscious- 
ness, and almost without pulse. 

The end was expected every minute. 

Vronsky had gone home, but in the morning he came to 
inquire, and Alexey Alexandrovitch meeting him in the hall, 
said : 'Better stay, she might ask for you,' and himself 
led him to his wife's boudoir. Towards morning there was 
a return again of excitement, rapid thought and talk, and 
again it ended in unconsciousness. On the third day it was 
the same thing, and the doctors said there was hope. That 
day Alexey Alexandrovitch went into the boudoir where 
Vronsky was sitting, and closing the door sat down opposite 
him. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch,' said Vronsky, feeling that a 
statement of the position was coming, "I can't speak, I can't 
understand. Spare me ! However hard it is for you, believe 
me, it is more terrible for me.' 

He would have risen ; but Alexey Alexandrovitch took 
him by the hand and said — 

'I beg you to hear me out ; it is necessary. I must explain 
my feelings, the feelings that have guided me and will guide 
me, so that you may not be in error regarding me. You 
know I had resolved on a divorce, and had even begun to 
take proceedings. I won't conceal from you that in beginning 



548 LEO TOLSTOY 

this I was in uncertainty, I was in misery ; I will confess 
that I was pursued by a desire to revenge myself on you 
and on her. When I got the telegram, I came here with 
the same feelings ; I will say more, I longed for her death. 
But . . .' He paused, pondering whether to disclose or not 
to disclose his feeling to him. 'But I saw her and forgave 
her. And the happiness of forgiveness has revealed to me 
my duty. I forgive completely. I would offer the other 
cheek, I would give my cloak if my coat be taken. I pray 
to God only not to take from me the bliss of forgiveness !' 

Tears stood in his eyes, and the luminous, serene look in 
them impressed Vronsky. 

'This is my position : you can trample me in the mud, make 
me the laughing-stock of the world, I will not abandon 
her, and I will never utter a word of reproach to you,' 
Alexey Alexandrovitch went on. 'My duty is clearly marked 
for me; I ought to be with her, and I will be. If she wishes 
to see you, I will let you know, but now I suppose it would 
be better for you to go away.' 

He got up, and sobs cut short his words. Vronsky too 
was getting up, and in a stooping, not yet erect posture, 
looked up at him from under his brows. He did not under- 
stand Alexey Alexandrovitch's feeling, but he felt that it was 
something higher and even unattainable for him with his 
view of life. 



CHAPTER XVIII 

AFTER the conversation with Alexey Alexandrovitch, 
/\ Vronsky went out on to the steps of the Karenins' 
-^-^ house and stood still, with difficulty remembering 
where he was, and where he ought to walk or drive. He 
felt disgraced, humiliated, guilty, and deprived of all possi- 
bility of washing away his humiliation. He felt thrust out 
of the beaten track along which he had so proudly and 
lightly walked till then. All the habits and rules of his 
life that had seemed so firm, had turned out suddenly false 
and inapplicable. The betrayed husband, who had figured 
till that time as a pitiful creature, an incidental and some- 
what ludicrous obstacle to his happiness, had suddenly been 
summoned by her herself, elevated to an awe-inspiring pin- 
nacle, and on the pinnacle that husband had shown himself, 
not malignant, not false, not ludicrous, but kind and straight- 
forward and large. Vronsky could not but feel this, and the 
parts were suddenly reversed. Vronsky felt his elevation 
and his own abasement, his truth and his own falsehood. 
He felt that the husband was magnanimous even in his sor- 
row, while he had been base and petty in hfs deceit. But this 
sense of his own humiliation before the man he had unjustly 
despised made up only a small part of his misery. He felt 
unutterably wretched now, for his passion for Anna, which 
had seemed to him of late to be growing cooler, now that 
he knew he had lost her for ever, was stronger than ever 
it had been. He had seen all of her in her illness, had come 
to know her very soul, and it seemed to him that he had 
never loved her till then. And now when he had learned 
to know her, to love her as she should be loved, he had 
been humiliated before her, and had lost her for ever, leav- 
ing with her nothing of himself but a shameful memory. 
Most terrible of all had been his ludicrous, shameful posi- 
tion when Alexey Alexandrovitch had pulled his hands away 
from his humiliated face. He stood on the steps of the 

549 



550 LEO TOLSTOY 

Karenins' house like one distraught, and did not know what 
to do. 

'A sledge, sir?' asked the porter. 

'Yes, a sledge.' 

On getting home, after three sleepless nights, Vronsky, 
without undressing, lay down flat on the sofa, clasping his 
hands and laying his head on them. His head was heavy. 
Images, memories, and ideas of the strangest description 
followed one another with extraordinary rapidity and vivid- 
ness. 

First it was the medicine he had poured out for the patient 
and spilt over the spoon, then the midwife's white hands, then 
the queer posture of Alexey Alexandrovitch on the floor 
beside the bed. 

'To sleep ! To forget !' he said to himself with the serene 
confidence of a healthy man that if he is tired and sleepy, he 
will go to sleep at once. And the same instant his head 
did begin to feel drowsy and he began to drop off into 
forgetfulness. The waves of the sea of unconsciousness 
had begun to meet over his head, when all at once — it was 
as though a violent shock of electricity had passed over 
him. He started so that he leapt up on the springs of the 
sofa, and leaning on his arms got in a panic on to his 
knees. His eyes were wide open as though he had never 
been asleep. The heaviness in his head and the weariness 
in his limbs that he had felt a minute before had suddenly 
gone. 

'You may trample me in the mud,' he heard Alexey 
Alexandrovitch's words and saw him standing before him, 
and saw Anna's face with its burning flush and glittering 
eyes, gazing with love and tenderness not at him but at 
Alexey Alexandrovitch; he saw his own, as he fancied, 
foolish and ludicrous figure when Alexey Alexandrovitch 
took his hands away from his face. He stretched out his 
legs again and flung himself on the sofa in the same posi- 
tion and shut his eyes. 

'To sleep! To forget!' he repeated to himself. But with 
his eyes shut he saw more distinctly than ever Anna's 
face as it had been on the memorable evening before the 
races. 



ANNA KARENIN 551 

"^That is not and will not be, and she wants to wipe it out 
of her memory. But I cannot live without it. How can 
we be reconciled ? how can we be reconciled ?' he said aloud, 
and unconsciously began to repeat these words. This repe- 
tition checked the rising up of fresh images and memories, 
which he felt were thronging in his brain. But repeating 
words did not check his imagination for long. Again in 
extraordinarily rapid succession his best moments rose 
before his mind, and then his recent humiliation. 'Take 
away his hands,' Anna's voice says. He takes away his 
hands and feels the shame-struck and idiotic expression of 
his face. 

He still lay down, trying to sleep, though he felt there 
was not the smallest hope of it, and kept repeating stray 
words from some chain of thought, trying by this to check 
the rising flood of fresh images. He listened, and heard 
in a strange, mad whisper words repeated : T did not 
appreciate it, did not make enough of it. I did not appreciate 
it, did not make enough of it.' 

"What's this? Am I going out of my mind?' he said to 
himself. 'Perhaps. What makes men go out of their minds; 
what makes men shoot themselves?' he answered himself, 
and opening his eyes, he saw with wonder an embroidered 
cushion beside him, worked by Varya, his brother's wife. 
He touched the tassel of the cushion, and tried to think 
of Varya, of when he had seen her last. But to think of 
anything extraneous was an agonising effort. 'No, I must 
sleep !' 

He moved the cushion up, and pressed his head into 
it, but he had to make an effort to keep his eyes shut. 
He jumped up and sat down. 'That's all over for me,' he 
said to himself. 'I must think what to do. What is left?' 
His mind rapidly ran through his life apart from his love of 
Anna. 

'Ambition? Serpuhovskoy ? Society? The court?' He 
could not come to a pause anywhere. All of it had had 
meaning before, but now there was no reality in it. He 
got up from the sofa, took off his coat, undid his belt, and 
uncovering his hairy chest to breathe more freely, walked 
up and down the room. 'This is how people go mad,' he 



552 • LEO TOLSTOY 

repeated, 'and how they shoot themselves ... to escape 
humiliation/ he added slowly. 

He went to the door and closed it, then with fixed eyes 
and clenched teeth he went up to the table, took a revolver, 
looked round him, turned it to a loaded barrel, and sank into 
thought. For two minutes, his head bent forward with an 
expression of an intense effort of thought, he stood with the 
revolver in his hand, motionless, thinking. 

'Of course,' he said to himself, as though a logical, con- 
tinuous, and clear chain of reasoning had brought him to an 
indubitable conclusion. In reality this 'of course,' that 
seemed convincing to him, was simply the result of exactly 
the same circle of memories and images through which he 
had passed ten times already during the last hour — memories 
of happiness lost for ever. There was the same concep- 
tion of the senselessness of everything to come in life, the 
same consciousness of humiliation. Even the sequence of 
these images and emotions was the same. 

'Of course,' he repeated, when for the third time his 
thought passed again round the same spellbound circle of 
memories and images, and pulling the revolver to the left 
side of his chest, and clutching it vigorously with his whole 
hand, as it were squeezing it in his fist, he pulled the trigger. 
He did not hear the sound of the shot, but a violent blow on 
his chest sent him reeling. He tried to clutch at the edge 
of the table, dropped the revolver, staggered, and sat down 
on the ground, looking about him in astonishment. He did 
not recognise his room, looking up from the ground, at the 
bent legs of the table, at the wastepaper-basket, and the 
tiger-skin rug. 

The hurried, creaking steps of his servant coming through 
the drawing-room brought him to his senses. He made an 
effort at thought, and was aware that he was on the floor; 
and seeing blood on the tiger-skin rug and on his arm, he 
knew he had shot himself. 

'Idiotic ! Missed !' he said, fumbling after the revolver. 
The revolver was close beside him — he sought further oft. 
Still feeling for it, he stretched out to the other side, and 
not being strong enough to keep his balance, fell over, 
streaming with blood. 



ANNA KARENIN 553 

The elegant, whiskered manservant, who used to be con- 
tinually complaining to his acquaintance of the delicacy of 
his nerves, was so panic-stricken on seeing his master lying 
on the floor, that he left him losing blood while he ran for 
assistance. An hour later Varya, his brother's wife, had 
arrived, and with the assistance of three doctors, whom she 
had sent for in all directions, and who all appeared at the 
same moment, she got the wounded man to bed, and remained 
to nurse him. 



P— 19 



CHAPTER XIX 

THE mistake made by Alexey Alexandrovitch in that, 
when preparing for seeing his wife, he had overlooked 
the possibility that her repentance might be sincere, 
and he might forgive her, and she might not die — this mis- 
take was two months after his return from Moscow brought 
home to him in all its significance. But the mistake made 
by him had arisen not simply from his having overlooked that 
contingency, but also from the fact that until that day of 
his interview with his dying wife, he had not known his 
own heart. At his sick wife's bedside he had for the first 
time in his life given way to that feeling of sympathetic 
suffering always aroused in him by the sufferings of others, 
and hitherto looked on by him with shame as a harmful 
weakness. And pity for her, and remorse for having 
desired her death, and most of all, the joy of forgiveness, 
made him at once conscious, not simply of the relief of his 
own sufferings, but of a spiritual peace he had never expe- 
rienced before. He suddenly felt that the very thing that 
was the source of his sufferings had become the source of 
his spiritual joy; that what had seemed insoluble while he 
was judging, blaming, and hating, had become clear and 
simple when he forgave and loved. 

He forgave his wife and pitied her for her sufferings and 
her remorse. He forgave Vronsky, and pitied him, espe- 
cially after reports reached him of his despairing action. 
He felt more for his son than before. And he blamed him- 
self now for having taken too little interest in him. But for 
the little new-born baby he felt a quite peculiar sentiment, 
not of pity only, but of tenderness. At first, from a feeling 
of compassion alone, he had been interested in the delicate 
little creature, who was not his child, and who was cast 
on one side during her mother's illness, and would cer- 
tainly have died if he had not troubled about her, and he 
did not himself observe how fond he became of her. He 

554 



ANNA KARENIN 555 

would go into the nursery several times a day, and sit there 
for a long while, so that the nurses, who were at first 
afraid of him, got quite used to his presence. Sometimes 
for half an hour at a stretch he would sit silently gazing 
at the saffron-red, downy, wrinkled face of the sleeping 
baby, watching the movements of the frowning brows, and 
the fat little hands, with clenched fingers, that rubbed the 
little eyes and nose. At such moments particularly Alexey 
Alexandrovitch had a sense of perfect peace and inward 
harmony, and saw nothing extraordinary in his position, 
nothing that ought to be changed. 

But as time went on, he saw more and more distinctly 
that however natural the position now seemed to him, he 
would not long be allowed to remain in it. He felt that 
besides the blessed spiritual force controlling his soul, there 
was another, a brutal force, as powerful, or more powerful, 
which controlled his life, and that this force would not allow 
him that humble peace he longed for. He felt that every one 
was looking at him with inquiring wonder, that he was not 
understood, and that something was expected of him. Above 
all, he felt the instability and unnaturalness of his relations 
with his wife. 

When the softening effect of the near approach of death 
had passed away, Alexey Alexandrovitch began to notice 
that Anna was afraid of him, ill at ease with him, and 
could not look him straight in the face. She seemed to be 
wanting, and not daring, to tell him something; and as 
though foreseeing their present relations could not continue, 
she seemed to be expecting something from him. 

Towards the end of February it happened that Anna's 
baby daughter, who had been named Anna too, fell ill. 
Alexey Alexandrovitch was in the nursery in the morning, 
and leaving orders for the doctor to be sent for, he went to 
his office. On finishing his work, he returned home at four. 
Going into the hall he saw a handsome groom, in a braided 
livery and a bear fur cape, holding a white fur cloak. 

'Who is here?' asked Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

'Princess Elizaveta Federovna Tverskoy,' the groom 
answered, and it seemed to Alexey Alexandrovitch that he 
grinned. 



556 LEO TOLSTOY 

During all this difficult time Alexey Alexandrovitch had 
noticed that his worldly acquaintances, especially women, took 
a peculiar interest in him and his wife. All these acquaint- 
ances he observed with difficulty concealing their mirth at 
something ; the same mirth that he had perceived in the 
lawyer's eyes, and just now in the eyes of this groom. 
Every one seemed, somehow, hugely delighted, as though 
they had just been at a wedding. When they met him, 
with ill-disguised enjoyment they inquired after his w-ife's 
health. The presence of Princess Tverskoy was unpleasant 
to Alexey Alexandrovitch from the memories associated 
with her, and also because he disliked her, and he went 
straight to the nursery. In the da3'-nursery Seryozha. 
leaning on the table with his legs on a chair, was drawing 
and chatting away merrily. The English governess, who had 
during Anna's illness replaced the French one, was sitting 
near the boy knitting a shawl. She hurriedly got up, 
curtseyed, and pulled Seryozha. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch stroked his son's hair, answered 
the governess's inquiries about his wife, and asked what 
the doctor had said of baby. 

'The doctor said it was nothing serious, and he ordered 
a bath, sir.' 

'But she is still in pain,' said Alexey Alexandrovitch, 
listening to the baby's screaming in the next room. 

'I think it's the wet-nurse, sir,' the Englishwoman said 
firmly. 

'What makes you think so?' he asked, stopping short. 

'It's just as it was at Countess Paul's, sir. They gave 
the baby medicine, and it turned out that the baby was 
simply hungry : the nurse had no milk, sir.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch pondered, and after standing still 
a few seconds he went in at the other door. The baby was 
lying with its head thrown back, stiffening itself in the 
nurse's arms, and would not take the plump breast offered 
it ; and it never ceased screaming in spite of the double 
hushing of the wet-nurse and the other nurse, who was 
bending over her. 

'Still no better?' said Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

'She's very restless,' answered the nurse in a whisper. 



ANNA KARENIN 557 

'Miss Edwarde says that perhaps the wet-nurse has no 
milk,' he said. 

'I think so too, Alexey Alexandrovitch.' 

'Then why didn't you say so?' 

'Who's one to say it to? Anna Arkadyevna still ill . . .' 
said the nurse discontentedly. 

The nurse was an old servant of the family. And in her 
simple words there seemed to Alexey Alexandrovitch an 
allusion to his position. 

The baby screamed louder than ever, struggling and sob- 
bing. The nurse, with a gesture of despair, went to it, 
took it from the wet-nurse's arms, and began walking up 
and down, rocking it. 

'You must ask the doctor to examine the wet-nurse,' said 
Alexey Alexandrovitch. The smartly dressed and healthy- 
looking nurse, frightened at the idea of losing her place, 
muttered something to herself, and covering her bosom, 
smiled contemptuously at the idea of doubts being cast on 
her abundance of milk. In that smile, too, Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch saw a sneer at his position. 

'Luckless child !' said the nurse, hushing the baby, and 
still walking up and down with it. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sat down, and with a despondent 
and suffering face watched the nurse walking to and fro. 

When the child at last was still, and had been put in a 
deep bed, and the nurse, after smoothing the little pillow, 
had left her, Alexey Alexandrovitch got up, and walking 
awkwardly on tiptoe, approached the baby. For a minute 
he was still, and with the same despondent face gazed at 
the baby; but all at once a smile, that moved his hair and 
the skin of his forehead, came out on his face, and he went 
as softly out of the room. 

In the dining-room he rang the bell, and told the servant 
who came in to send again for the doctor. He felt vexed 
with his wife for not being anxious about this exquisite 
baby, and in this vexed humour he had no wish to go to her ; 
he had no wish, either, to see Princess Betsy. But his 
wife might wonder why he did not go to her as usual ; and 
so, overcoming his disinclination, he went towards the bed- 
room. As he walked over the soft rug towards the door, he 



553 LEO TOLSTOY 

could not help overhearing a conversation he did not want 
to hear. 

'If he hadn't been going away. I could have understood 
your answer and his too. But your husband ought to be above 
that,' Betsy was saying. 

'It's not for my husband ; for myself I don't wish it. Don't 
say that !' answered Anna's excited voice. 

'Yes, but you must care to say good-bye to a man who 
has shot himself on your account . . .' 

'That's just why I don't want to.' 

With a dismayed and guilty expression, Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch stopped and would have gone back unobserved. 
But reflecting that this would be undignified, he turned back 
again, and clearing his throat, he went up to the bedroom. 
The voices were silent, and he went in. 

Anna, in a grey dressing-gown, with a crop of short 
clustering black curls on her round head, was sitting on a 
settee. The eagerness died out of her face, as it always 
did, at the sight of her husband; she dropped her head and 
looked round uneasily at Betsy. Betsy, dressed in the 
height of the latest fashion, in a hat that towered some- 
where over her head like a shade on a lamp, in a blue dress 
with violet crossway stripes slanting one way on the bodice 
and the other way on the skirt, was sitting beside Anna, 
her tall flat figure held erect. Bowing her head, she greeted 
Alexey Alexandrovitch with an ironical smile. 

'Ah !' she said, as though surprised. 'I'm very glad 
you're at home. You never put in an appearance anywhere, 
and I haven't seen you ever since Anna has been ill. I 
have heard all about it — your anxiety. Yes, you're a won- 
derful husband!' she said, with a meaning and affable air, 
as though she were bestowing an order of magnanimity on 
him for his conduct to his wife. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch bowed frigidly, and kissing his 
wife's hand, asked how she was. 

'Better, I think,' she said, avoiding his eyes. 

'But you've rather a feverish-looking colour,' he said, lay- 
ing stress on the word 'feverish.' 

'We've been talking too much,' said Betsy. 'I feel it's 
selfishness on my part, and I am going away.' 



ANNA KARENIN 559 

She got up, but Anna, suddenly flushing, quickly caught 
at her hand. 

'No, wait a minute, please. I must tell you . . . no, you.' 
She turned to Alexey Alexandrovitch, and her neck and brow 
were suffused with crimson. "I won't and can't keep any- 
thing secret from you,' she said. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch cracked his fingers and bowed his 
head. 

'Betsy's been telling me that Count Vronsky wants to 
come here to say good-bye before his departure for Tash- 
kend.' She did not look at her husband, and was evidently 
in haste to have everything out, however hard it might 
be for her. 'I told her I could not receive him.' 

'You said, my dear, that it would depend on Alexey 
Alexandrovitch,' Betsy corrected her. 

'Oh no, I can't receive him; and what object would 
there . . .' She stopped suddenly, and glanced inquiringly 
at her husband (he did not look at her). 'In short, I don't 
wish it . . .' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch advanced and would have taken 
her hand. 

Her first impulse w^as to jerk back her hand from the 
damp hand with big swollen veins that sought hers, but with 
an obvious effort to control herself she pressed his hand. 

'I am very grateful to you for your confidence, but . . .' 
he said, feeling with confusion and annoyance that what he 
could decide easily and clearly by himself, he could not 
discuss before Princess Tverskoy, who to him stood for 
the incarnation of that brute force which would inevitably 
control him in the life he led in the eyes of the world, 
and hinder him from giving way to his feeling of love 
and forgiveness. He stopped short, looking at Princess 
Tverskoy. 

'Well, good-bye, my darling,' said Betsy, getting up. She 
kissed Anna, and went out. Alexey Alexandrovitch escorted 
her out. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch ! I know you are a truly mag- 
nanimous man,' said Betsy, stopping in the little drawing- 
room, and with special warmth shaking hands with him once 
more. 'I am an outsider, but I so love her and respect you 



560 LEO TOLSTOY 

that I venture to advise. Receive him. Alexey Vronsky 
is the soul of honour, and he is going away to Tashkend.' 

'Thank you, princess, for your sympathy and advice. But 
the question of whether my wife can or cannot see any one 
she must decide herself.' 

He said this from habit, lifting his brows with dignity, 
and reflected immediately that whatever his words might 
be, there could be no dignity in his position. And he saw 
this by the suppressed, malicious, and ironical smile with 
which Betsy glanced at him after this phrase. 



CHAPTER XX 

ALEXEY ALEXANDROVITCH took leave of Betsy in 

l\ the drawing-room, and went to his wife. She was 
"^-^ lying down, but hearing his steps she sat up hastily 
in her former attitude, and looked in a scared way at him. 
He saw she had been crying. 

'I am very grateful for your confidence in me.' He 
repeated gently in Russian the phrase he had said in Betsy's 
presence in French, and sat down beside her. When he 
spoke to her in Russian, using the Russian 'thou' of inti- 
macy and affection, it was insufferably irritating to Anna. 
'And I am very grateful for your decision. I, too, imagine 
that since he is going away, there is no sort of necessity 
for Count Vronsky to come here. However, if . . ,' 

'But I've said so already, so why repeat it?' Anna 
suddenly interrupted him with an irritation she could not 
succeed in repressing. 'No sort of necessity,' she thought, 
'for a man to come and say good-bye to the woman he 
loves, for whom he was ready to ruin himself, and has 
ruined himself, and who cannot live without him. No sort 
of necessity !' She compressed her lips, and dropped her 
burning eyes to his hands with their swollen veins. They 
were rubbing each other. 

'Let us never speak of it,' she added more calmly. 

'I haA'e left this question to you to decide, and I am 
very glad to see . . .' Alexey Alexandrovitch was begin- 
ning. 

'That my wish coincides with your own,' she finished 
quickly, exasperated at his talking so slowly while she knew 
beforehand all he would say. 

'Yes,' he assented; 'and Princess Tverskoy's interference 
in the most difficult private affairs is utterly uncalled for. 
She especially . . .' 

'I don't believe a word of what's said about her,' said 
Anna quickly. 'I know she really cares for me.' 

561 



562 LEO TOLSTOY 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sighed and said nothing. She 
played nervously with the tassel of her dressing-gown, glanc- 
ing at him with that torturing sensation of physical repulsion 
for which she blamed herself, though she could not control 
it. Her only desire now was to be rid of his oppressive 
presence. 

'I have just sent for the doctor,' said Alexey Alexandro- 
vitch. 

'I am very well ; what do I want the doctor for ?' 

'No, the little one cries, and they say the nurse hasn't 
enough milk.' 

'Why didn't you let me nurse her, when I begged to? 
Anyway' (Alexey Alexandrovitch knew what was meant by 
that 'anyway'), 'she's a baby, and they're killing her.' She 
rang the bell and ordered the baby to be brought her. 'I 
begged to nurse her, I wasn't allowed to, and now I'm blamed 
for it.' 

'I don't blame . . .' 

'Yes, you do blame me! My God I why didn't I die!' 
And she broke into sobs. 

'Forgive me, I'm nervous, I'm unjust,' she said, controlling 
herself, 'but do go away . . .' 

'No, it can't go on like this,' Alexey Alexandrovitch said 
to himself decidedly as he left his wife's room. 

Never had the impossibility of his position in the world's 
eyes, and his wife's hatred of him, and altogether the 
might of that mysterious brutal force that guided his life 
against his spiritual inclinations, and exacted conformity 
with its decrees and change in his attitude to his wife, been 
presented to him with such distinctness as that day. He saw 
clearly that all the world and his wife expected of him 
something, but what exactly, he could not make out. He 
felt that this was rousing in his soul a feeling of anger 
destructive of his peace of mind and of all the good of 
his achievement. He believed that for Anna herself it 
would be better to break ofif relations with Vronsky; 
but if they all thought this out of the question, he was 
even ready to allow these relations to be renewed, so long 
as the children were not disgraced, and he was not deprived 
of them nor forced to change his position. Bad as this 



ANNA KARENIN 563 

might be, it was anyway better than a rupture, which would 
put her in a hopeless and shameful position, and deprive 
him of everything he cared for. But he felt helpless ; he 
knew beforehand that every one was against him, and that 
he would not be allowed to do what seemed to him now so 
natural and right, but would be forced to do what was 
wrong, though it seemed the proper thing to them. 



CHAPTER XXI 

BEFORE Betsy had time to walk out of the drawing- 
room, she was met in the doorway by Stepan Arkadye- 
vitch, who had just come from Yeliseev's, where a 
consignment of fresh oysters had been received. 

'Ah! princess! what a deHghtful meeting!' he began. 
'I've been to see you.' 

'A meeting for one minute, for I'm going,' said Betsy, 
smiling and putting on her glove. 

'Don't put on your glove yet, princess ; let me kiss your 
hand. There's nothing I'm so thankful to the revival of 
the old fashions for as the kissing the hand.' He kissed 
Betsy's hand. 'When shall we see each other?' 

'You don't deserve it,' answered Betsy, smiling. 

'Oh yes, I deserve a great deal, for I've become a most 
serious person. I don't only manage my own affairs, 
but other people's too,' he said, with a significant expres- 
sion. 

'Oh, I'm so glad !' answered Betsy, at once understanding 
that he was speaking of Anna. And going back into the 
drawing-room, they stood in a corner. 'He's killing her,' 
said Betsy in a whisper full of meaning. 'It's impossible, 
impossible . . .' 

'I'm so glad you think so,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, 
shaking his head with a serious and sympathetically dis- 
tressed expression, 'that's what I've come to Petersburg 
for.' 

'The whole town's talking of it,' she said. 'It's an 
impossible position. She pines and pines away. He doesn't 
understand that she's one of those women who can't trifle 
with their feelings. One of two things : either let him take 
her away, act with energy, or give her a divorce. This is 
stifling her.' 

'Yes, yes . . . just so . . .' Oblonsky said, sighing. 'That's 
what I've come for. At least not solely for that . . . I've 

564 



ANNA KARENIN 565 

been made a kammer-herr ; of course, one has to say thank 
you. But the chief thing was having to settle this.' 

'Well, God help you !' said Betsy. 

After accompanying Betsy to the outside hall, once more 
kissing her hand above the glove, at the point where the 
pulse beats, and murmuring to her such unseemly non- 
sense that she did not know whether to laugh or be angry, 
Stepan Arkadyevitch went to his sister. He found her in 
tears. 

Although he happened to be bubbling over with good 
spirits, Stepan Arkadyevitch immediately and quite natu- 
rally fell into the sympathetic, poetically emotional tone 
which harmonised with her mood. He asked her how she 
was, and how she had spent the morning. 

'Very, very miserably. To-day and this morning and all 
past days and days to come,' she said. 

'I think you're giving way to pessimism. You must 
rouse yourself, you must look life in the face. I know it's 
hard, but . . .' 

'I have heard it said that women love men even for their 
vices,' Anna began suddenly, 'but I hate him for his virtues. 
I can't live with him. Do you understand? the sight of 
him has a physical effect on me, it makes me beside myself. 
I can't, I can't live with him. What am I to do? I have 
been unhappy, and used to think one couldn't be more 
unhappy, but the awful state of things I am going through 
now, I could never have conceived. Would you believe it, 
that knowing he's a good man, a splendid man, that I'm not 
worth his little finger, still I hate him. I hate him for his 
generosity. And there's nothing left for me but . . .' 

She would have said death, but Stepan Arkadyevitch would 
not let her finish. 

'You are ill and overwrought,' he said ; 'believe me, 
you're exaggerating dreadfully. There's nothing so terrible 
in it.' 

And Stepan Arkadyevitch smiled. No one else in Stepan 
Arkadyevitch's place, having to do with such despair, would 
have ventured to smile (the smile would have seemed brutal) ; 
but in his smile there was so much of sweetness and almost 
feminine tenderness that his smile did not wound, but sof- 



566 LEO TOLSTOY 

tened and soothed. His gentle, soothing words and smiles 
were as soothing and softening as almond oil. And Anna 
soon felt this. 

'No, Stiva,' she said, 'I'm lost, lost ! worse than lost ! I 
can't say yet that all is over ; on the contrary, I feel that it's 
not over. I'm an overstrained string that must snap. But 
it's not ended yet . . . and it will have a fearful end.' 

'No matter, we must let the string be loosened, little by 
little. There's no position from which there is no way of 
escape.' 

'I have thought, and thought. Only one . . .' 

Again he knew from her terrified eyes that this one way 
of escape in her' thought was death, and he would not let 
her say it. 

'Not at all,' he said. 'Listen to me. You can't see your 
own position as I can. Let me tell you candidly my opinion.' 
Again he smiled discreetly his almond-oil smile. 'I'll begin 
from the beginning. You married a man twenty years older 
than yourself. You married him without love and not know- 
ing what love was. It was a mistake, let's admit.' 

'A fearful mistake !' said Anna. 

'But I repeat, it's an accomplished fact. Then you had, 
let us say, the misfortune to love a man not your husband. 
That was a misfortune ; but that, too, is an accomplished 
fact. And your husband knew it and forgave it.' He 
stopped at each sentence, waiting for her to object, but 
she made no answer. 'That's so. Now the question is : 
can you go on living with your husband? Do you wish it? 
Does he wish it?' 

'I know nothing, nothing.' 

But you said yourself that you can't endure him.' 

'No, I didn't say so. I deny it. I can't tell, I don't know 
anything about it.' 

'Yes, but let . . .' 

'You can't understand. I feel I'm lying head downwards 
in a sort of pit, but I ought not to save myself. And I 
can't . . .' 

'Never mind, we'll slip something under and pull you out. 
I understand you ; I understand that you can't take it on 
yourself to express your wishes, your feelings.' 



ANNA KARENIN 567 

'There's nothing, nothing I wish . . . except for it to 
be all over.' 

'But he sees this and knows it. And do you suppose it 
weighs on him any less than on you? You're wretched, 
he's wretched, and what good can come of it? while divorce 
would solve the whole difficulty.' With some effort Stepan 
Arkadyevitch brought out his central idea, and looked sig- 
nificantly at her. 

She said nothing, and shook her cropped head in dissent. 
But from the look in her face, that suddenly brightened into 
its old beauty, he saw that if she did not desire this, it was 
simply because it seemed to her unattainable happiness. 

'I'm awfully sorry for you ! And how happy I should be 
if I could arrange things !' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, smil- 
ing more boldly. 'Don't speak, don't say a word ! God 
grant only that I may speak as I feel. I'm going to him.' 

Anna looked at him with dreamy, shining eyes, and said 
nothing. 



CHAPTER XXII 

STEPAN ARKADYEVITCH, with the same somewhat 
solemn expression with which he used to take his 
presidential chair at his board, walked into Alexey 
Alexandrovitch's room. Alexey Alexandrovitch was walk- 
ing about his room with his hands behind his back, thinking 
of just what Stepan Arkadyevitch had been discussing with 
his wife. 

Tm not interrupting you ?' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, on 
the sight of his brother-in-law becoming suddenly aware of 
a sense of embarrassment unusual with him. To conceal 
this embarrassment he took out a cigarette-case he had just 
bought that opened in a new way, and sniffing the leather, 
took a cigarette out of it. 

'No. Do you want anything?' Alexey Alexandrovitch 
asked without eagerness. 

'Yes, I wished ... I wanted . . . yes, I wanted to talk 
to you,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, with surprise aware of 
an unaccustomed timidity. 

This feeling was so unexpected and so strange that he 
did not believe it was the voice of conscience telling him 
that what he was meaning to do was wrong. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch made an effort and struggled with 
the timidity that had come over him. 

'I hope you believe in my love for my sister and my sin- 
cere affection and respect for you,' he said, reddening. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch stood still and said nothing, but 
his face struck Stepan Arkadyevitch by its expression of an 
unresisting sacrifice. 

T intended ... I wanted to have a little talk with you 
about my sister and your mutual position,' he said, still 
struggling with an unaccustomed constraint. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch smiled mournfully, looked at his 
brother-in-law, and without answering went up to the table, 
took from it an unfinished letter, and handed it to his 
brother-in-law. 

568 



ANNA KARENIN 569 

'I think unceasingly of the same thing. And here is what 
I had begun writing, thinking I could say it better by let- 
ter, and that my presence irritates her,' he said, as he gave 
him the letter. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch took the letter, looked with incredu- 
lous surprise at the lustreless eyes fixed so immovably on 
him, and began to read. 

'I see that my presence is irksome to you. Painful as it is to me 
to believe it, I see that it is so, and cannot be otherwise. I don't 
blame you, and God is my witness that on seeing you at the time of 
your illness I resolved with my whole heart to forget all that had 
passed between us and to begin a new life. I do not regret, and 
shall never regret, what I have done ; but I have desired one thing 
— your good, the good of your soul — and now I see I have not at- 
tained that. Tell me yourself what will give you true happiness 
and peace to your soul. I put myself entirely in your hands, and 
trust to your feeling of what's right.' 

Stepan Arkadyevitch handed back the letter, and with 
the same surprise continued looking at his brother-in-law, not 
knowing what to say. This silence was so awkward for 
both of them that Stepan Arkadyevitch's lips began twitch- 
ing nervously, while he still gazed without speaking at 
Karenin's face. 

'That's what I wanted to say to her,' said Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch, turning away. 

'Yes, yes . . .' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, not able to 
answer for the tears that were choking him. 

'Yes, yes, I understand you,' he brought out at last. 

'I want to know what she would like,' said Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch. 

T am afraid she does not understand her own position. 
She is not a judge,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, recovering 
himself. 'She is crushed, simply crushed by your generosity. 
If she were to read this letter, she would be incapable of say- 
ing anything, she would only hang her head lower than ever.' 

'Yes, but what's to be done in that case ? how explain, how 
find out her wishes?' 

'If you will allow me to give my opinion, I think that it 
lies with you to point out directly the steps you consider 
necessary to end the position.' 



570 LEO TOLSTOY 

'So you consider it must be ended?' Alexey Alexandrovitch 
interrupted him. "But how?' he added, with a gesture of his 
hands before his eyes not usual with him. 'I see no possible 
way out of it.' 

'There is some way of getting out of every position,' said 
Stepan Arkadyevitch, standing up and becoming more cheer- 
ful. 'There was a time w-hen you thought of breaking off 
... If you are convinced now that you cannot make each 
other happy . . .' 

'Happiness may be variously understood. But suppose that 
I agree to everything, that I want nothing : what way is there 
of getting out of our position?' 

'If you care to know my opinion,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch 
with the same smile of softening, almond-oil tenderness with 
which he had been talking to Anna. His kindly smile was so 
winning that Alexey Alexandrovitch, feeling his own weak- 
ness and unconsciously swayed by it, was ready to believe 
what Stepan Arkadyevitch was saying. 

'She will never speak out about it. But one thing is pos- 
sible, one thing she might desire,' he went on, 'that is the 
cessation of your relations and all memories associated with 
them. To my thinking, in your position w^hat's essential is 
the formation of a new attitude to one another. And that 
can only rest on a basis of freedom on both sides.' 

'Divorce,' Alexey Alexandrovitch interrupted, in a tone of 
aversion. 

'Yes, I imagine that divorce — yes, divorce,' Stepan Arka- 
dyevitch repeated, reddening. 'That is from every point of 
view the most rational course for married people w'ho find 
themselves in the position you are in. What can be done if 
married people find that life is impossible for them together? 
That may always happen.' 

Alexey Alexandrovitch sighed heavily and closed his eyas. 

'There's only one point to be considered: is either of the 
parties desirous of forming new ties? If not, it is very 
simple,' said Stepan Arkadyevitch, feeling more and more 
free from constraint. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch, scowling with emotion, muttered 
something to himself, and made no answer. All that seemed 
so simple to Stepan Arkadyevitch, Alexey Alexandrovitch 



ANNA KARENIN 571 

had thought over thousands of times. And, so far from 
being simple, it all seemed to him utterly impossible. Di- 
vorce, the details of which he knew by this time, seemed to 
him now out of the question, because the sense of his own 
dignity and respect for religion forbade his taking upon 
himself a fictitious charge of adultery, and still more suffer- 
ing his wife, pardoned and beloved by him, to be caught in 
the fact and put to public shame. Divorce appeared to him 
impossible also on other still more weighty grounds. 

What would become of his son in case of a divorce? To 
leave him with his mother was out of the question. The 
divorced mother would have her own illegitimate family, in 
which his position as a stepson and his education would not 
be good. Keep him with him? He knew that would be an 
act of vengeance on his part, and that he did not want. But 
apart from this, what more than all made divorce seem im- 
possible to Alexey Alexandrovitch was, that by consenting 
to a divorce he would be completely ruining Anna. The 
saying of Darya Alexandrovna at Moscow, that in deciding 
on a divorce he was thinking of himself, and not considering 
that by this he would be ruining her irrevocably, had sunk 
into his heart. And connecting this saying with his forgive- 
ness of her, with his devotion to the children, he understood 
it now in his own way. To consent to a divorce, to give her 
her freedom, meant in his thoughts to take from himself the 
last tie that bound him to life — the children whom he loved; 
and to take from her the last prop that stayed her on the 
path of right, to thrust her down to her ruin. If she were 
divorced, he knew she would join her life to Vronsky's, and 
their tie would be an illegitimate and criminal one, since a 
wife, by the interpretation of the ecclesiastical law, could 
not marry while her husband was living. 'She will join him, 
and in a year or two he will throw her over, or she will 
form a new tie,' thought Alexey Alexandrovitch. 'And I, 
by agreeing to an unlawful divorce, shall be to blame for her 
ruin.' He had thought it all over hundreds of times, and 
was convinced that a divorce was not at all simple, as Stepan 
Arkadyevitch had said, but was utterly impossible. He did 
not believe a single word Stepan Arkadyevitch said to him; 
to every word he had a thousand objections to make, but he 



572 LEO TOLSTOY 

listened to him, feeling that his words were the expression 
of that mighty brutal force which controlled his life and to 
which he would have to submit. 

'The only question is on what terms you agree to give her 
a divorce. She does not want anything, does not dare ask 
you for anything, she leaves it all to your generosity.' 

'My God, my God ! what for ?' thought Alexey Alexan- 
drovitch, remembering the details of divorce proceedings in 
which the husband took the blame on himself, and with just 
the same gesture with which Vronsky had done the same, he 
hid his face for shame in his hands. 

"You are distressed, I understand that. But if you think 
it over . . .' 

'Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to 
him the other also; and if any man take away thy coat, let 
him have thy cloak also,' thought Alexey Alexandrovitch. 

'Yes, yes !' he cried in a shrill voice. 'I will take the 
disgrace on myself, I will give up even my son, but . . . but 
wouldn't it be better to let it alone? Still you may do as 
you like . . .' 

And turning away so that his brother-in-law could not see 
him, he sat down on a chair at the window. There was 
bitterness, there was shame in his heart, but with this bitter- 
ness and shame he felt joy and emotion at the height of his 
own meekness. 

Stepan Arkadyevitch was touched. He was silent for a 
space. 

'Alexey Alexandrovitch, believe me, she appreciates your 
generosity,' he said. 'But it seems it was the will of God,' 
he added, and as he said it felt how foolish a remark it 
was, and with difficulty repressed a smile at his own foolish- 
ness. 

Alexey Alexandrovitch would have made some reply, but 
tears stopped him. 

'This is an unhappy fatality, and one must accept it as 
such. I accept the calamity as an accomplished fact, and 
am doing my best to help both her and you,' said Stepan 
Arkadyevitch. 

When he went out of his brother-in-law's room he was 
touched, but that did not prevent him from being glad he 



ANNA KARENIN 573 

had successfully brought the matter to a conclusion, for he 
felt certain Alexey Alexandrovitch would not go back on 
his words. To this satisfaction was added the fact that an 
idea had just struck him for a riddle turning on his successful 
achievement, that when the affair was over he would ask 
his wife and most intimate friends. He put this riddle into 
two or three different ways. 'But I'll work it out better than 
that,' he said to himself with a smile. 



CHAPTER XXIII 

VRONSKY'S wound had been a dangerous one, though 
it did not touch the heart, and for several days he 
had lain between Ufe and death. The first time he 
was able to speak, Varya, his brother's wife, was alone in 
the room. 

'Varya,' he said, looking sternly at her, T shot myself by 
accident. And please never speak of it, and tell every one so. 
Or else it's too ridiculous.' 

Without answering his words, Varya bent over him, and 
with a delighted smile gazed into his face. His eyes were 
clear, not feverish ; but their expression was stern. 

'Thank God!' she said. 'You're not in pain?' 

'A little here.' He pointed to his breast. 

'Then let me change your bandages.' ; 

In silence, stiffening his broad jaws, he looked at her while 
she bandaged him up. When she had finished he said — 

'I'm not delirious. Please manage that there may be no 
talk of my having shot myself on purpose.' 

'No one does say so. Only I hope you won't shoot yourself 
by accident any more,' she said, with a questioning smile. 

'Of course I won't, but it would have been better . . .' 

And he smiled gloomily. 

In spite of these words and this smile, which so frightened 
Varya, when the inflammation was over and he began to 
recover, he felt that he was completely free from one part of 
his misery. By his action he had, as it were, washed away 
the shame and humiliation he had felt before. He could now 
think calmly of Alexey Alexandrovitch. He recognised all 
his magnanimity, but he did not now feel himself humiliated 
by it. Besides, he got back again into the beaten track of 
his life. He saw the possibility of looking men in the face 
again without shame, and he could live in accordance with 
his own habits. One thing he could not pluck out of his 
heart, though he never ceased struggling with it, was the 

574 



ANNA KARENIN 575 

regret, amounting to despair, that he had lost her for ever. 
That now, having expiated his sin against the husband, he 
was bound to renounce her, and never in future to stand 
between her with her repentance and her husband, he had 
firmly decided in his heart; but he could not tear out of his 
heart his regret at the loss of her love, he could not erase 
from his memory those moments of happiness that he had 
so little prized at the time, and that haunted him in all their 
charm. 

Serpuhovskoy had planned his appointment at Tashkend, 
and Vronsky agreed to the proposition without the slightest 
hesitation. But the nearer the time of departure came, the 
bitterer was the sacrifice he was making to what he thought 
his duty. 

His wound had healed, and he was driving about making 
preparations for his departure for Tashkend. 

To see her once and then to bury himself, to die,' he 
thought, and as he was paying farewell visits, he uttered 
this thought to Betsy. Charged with this commission, 
Betsy had gone to Anna, and brought him back a negative 
reply. 

'So much the better,' thought Vronsky, when he received 
the news. 'It was a weakness, which would have shattered 
what strength I have left.' 

Next day Betsy herself came to him in the morning, and 
announced that she had heard through Oblonsky as a positive 
fact that Alexey Alexandrovitch had agreed to a divorce, and 
that therefore Vronsky could see Anna. 

Without even troubling himself to see Betsy out of his flat, 
forgetting all his resolutions, without asking when he could 
see her, where her husband was, Vronsky drove straight to 
the Karenins'. He ran up the stairs seeing no one and 
nothing, and with a rapid step, almost breaking into a run, 
he went into her room. And without considering, without 
noticing whether there was any one in the room or not, he 
flung his arms around her, and began to cover her face, her 
hands, her neck with kisses. 

Anna had been preparing herself for this meeting, had 
thought what she would say to him, but she did not succeed 
in saying anything of it ; his passion mastered her. She 



576 LEO TOLSTOY 

tried to calm him, to calm herself, but it was too late. His 

feeling infected her. Her lips trembled so that for a long 
while she could say nothing. 

"Yes, you have conquered me, and I am yours,' she said at 
last, pressing his hands to her bosom. 

'So it had to be,' he said. 'So long as we live, it must be 
so. I know it now.' 

'That's true,' she said, getting whiter and whiter, and 
embracing his head. 'Still there is something terrible in it 
after all that has happened.' 

'It will all pass, it will all pass ; we shall be so happy. Our 
love, if it could be stronger, will be strengthened by there 
being something terrible in it,' he said, lifting his head and 
parting his strong teeth in a smile. 

And she could not but respond with a smile — not to his 
words, but to the love in his eyes. She took his hand and 
stroked her chilled cheeks and cropped head with it. 

'I don't know you with this short hair. You've grown so 
pretty. A boy. But how pale you are !' 

'Yes, I'm very weak,' she said, smiling. And her lips began 
trembling again. 

'We'll go to Italy ; you will get strong,' he said. 

'Can it be possible we could be like husband and wife, 
alone, your family with you?' she said, looking close into 
his eyes. 

'It only seems strange to me that it can ever have been 
otherwise.' 

'Stiva says that he has agreed to everything, but I can't 
accept his generosity,' she said, looking dreamily past Vron- 
sky's face. 'I don't want a divorce ; it's all the same to me 
now. Only I don't know what he will decide about Seryozha.' 

He could not conceive how at this moment of their meet- 
ing she could remember and think of her son, of divorce. 
What did it all matter ? 

'Don't speak of that, don't think of it,' he said, turning her 
hand in his, and trying to draw her attention to him ; but 
still she did not look at him. 

'Oh, why didn't I die ! it would have been better,' she said, 
and silent tears flowed down both her cheeks ; but she tried 
to smile, so as not to wound him. 



ANNA KARENIN 577 

To decline the flattering and dangerous appointment at 
Tashkend would have been, Vronsky had till then considered, 
disgraceful and impossible. But now, without an instant's 
consideration, he declined it, and observing dissatisfaction in 
the most exalted quarters at this step, he immediately retired 
from the army. 

A month later Alexey Alexandrovitch was left alone with 
his son in his house at Petersburg, while Anna and Vronsky 
had gone abroad, not having obtained a divorce, but having 
absolutely declined all idea of one. 


