Alyza





I Love My Bestfriend?! Uh-oh II


Mr. and Ms. Popularity





I started walking toward math. When I got there I sat down in my usual spot. As soon as I sat down a bunch of girls ran over to me. This happens like every.



"Hey Katilyn." said some random girl



"Hey." I replied back trying to be nice but I REALLY don't want her to be talking to me right now



"Hey girl." said (big shock) another random girl



"Hey." I said



"Hey Kaitlyn." said a girl. Okay lets get this straight EVERY girl that is standing in front of me right now, I don't know.



"Hello to all of you standing in front of me right now." I said getting straight to the point



Then the bell rung and everybody disbursed from around me. I sighed in relief. I'm not trying to be unthankful or anything. I mean of course I like being head cheerleader or anything. But people treat me different like I'm royalty or something and in reality I'm just like them but they don't take the time to get to know me. They just want to be friends with me to get popular. Girls want to be me and guys want to be with me. I'm pretty but it gets annoying. But I knew what it would be like if I took the title as head cheerleader, so I just have to suck it up and deal with it.



"Kaitlyn?" my teacher asked



"Yes?"



"Can you please pay attention?"



"Ummm, yes. Sorry."



She nodded and went back to teaching. I'm really good in school. I know what you must be thinking.



"Omg, a cheerleader good at school?"



But yes, I am. Not all cheerleaders are dumbasses. Some of us are actually smart believe it or not. I snapped back into reality and started paying attention to what my teacher was saying. Then the bell rang. I packed up my things and started toward the door. When I got out two strong, familiar arms encircled me.



"Hey Logan."



"Hey Katie-Katster." He sang



"Haha, lets go to class."



He let go and just took my hand. We walked to science and sat down.



"Ready to be bombarded?" Logan asked



Just as he said that people came over. Logan gave me a knowing smirk. I heart fluttered at the sight of it. I smiled back.



"Hey Logan." said some really slutty girl. She had on a some really short shorts (that in my dictionary would be considered underwear), a pink tank top that showed WAY too much junk if you know what I mean, and some pink hooker heels. I looked up at her in disgust. She was a cheerleader. She gave us cheerleaders a bad name.



She was looking at Logan all slutty-ish. I can't explain so I guess that will do, but yeah.



"Hey." Logan said with a very player-ish smirk



"Hey Kaitlyn." said dude said to me



If you had'nt notice yet Logan is the only one that calls me Katie, everybody else calls me Kaitlyn. I don't know why they just do.



"Hey."



"Do you...Ummm...want to...Uhhh...go out with me Friday?" He asked



"Ummm, that's really sweet. Thank you for asking me but-" I started to say before he cut me off



"There's always a but." He said



"Like I was saying. I have something to do that day." I said angry because he cut me off



"Yeah, she's has a movie date with me aaaaallllll night. So get to stepping Lil' Romeo." Said Logan staring directly at the kid



"Uhhhh...O-okay." the Kid stuttered before scurrying away



Logan burst into a fit of laughter but I just glared at him.



"Could you not tell I was trying to let him down easy Logan?" I asked/demanded



"Oh, I could tell. I just didn't care."



"Your a jerk." I told him. So now you can see why I don't have a boyfriend. Logan is worst than my dad.



“No I’m not, I’m just trying to look after you.” he said looking sad



“I know Logy but you have to trust me. I was going to say no anyways.” I told him



“I know but…” He said trailing off



“But what?” I asked



“I don’t know.” he told me



“Ummm, okay.”



Then the bell rung and I turned and faced the front.



“Okay class today you will partner up with someone and make your own study guide for the test that is coming up. Go pick you partners.”



Out of the corner of my eye I saw Logan get up and start walking toward me but the slut that was talking to him earlier walked in front of him.



“Hey Logan want to be my partner?” she asked



“Not really. Now if you‘ll excuse me?” He said. I smiled at his bluntness and at the fact that the girl moved. She stared at Logan as he walked over to me.



“Ready to get our work on?” He asked in a girly voice. I don’t know why he did but, I have known him for sixteen years and I still don’t get him.



“Haha, yeah.”



I got out of my seat and went over to a lab table and got out a stool. The only one might I add.



“Oh hell nah.” Logan said suddenly



“What?”



“Nuh-uh get out of the hell outta the stool.”



“Nope.” I said popping the P



“Yes, get up.”



“No. I got here first. Get over it and stay standing.”



“Katie.” He groaned



“Logy.” I said mocking him



“Kaitlyn Shyanne Thompson. Get the fuck outta my seat right now.”



“Ooooo, I’m so scared. The big bad Logan Carter is gonna get me.” I said feigning being scared



“Ugh. Your so annoying Katie. Why can’t you just get out of my seat?” He asked/groaned



“How is this your seat? Is your name written on it? No. Didn’t think so. So shut up and get the paper and colored pencils.” I demanded



He didn’t move an inch. He just stared at me. Then he crossed his arms over his chest.



“No.” He said like a stubborn child



“Logan go get the supplies now.” I said in a fierce tone



His eyes went wide in fear but went back to normal.



“No.” He said slowly like he was talking to a child



“Logan.”



“Kaitlyn.”



“Logan get the supplies.” I told him



“No Kaitlyn YOU get the supplies.”



“Fine.”



His eyes went wide in disbelief.



“Oh no don’t get all shocked. Hey Ashton.” I said calling to this kid in are class



He turned around looking for who called his name. I waved my hand so he would know it was me. He started walking toward me.



“Yeah?” He asked



“Can you please sit in my spot till I get back?”



“Uhhhh, sure.”



I stood up and he sat down. I looked up at Logan and noticed he was glaring at me. I smirked.



“Ashton, if Logan tells you to get up don’t listen okay?”



“Yeah.” He said unsure



I walked off to get the supplies. I turned back to see Logan just standing there with an innocent look on his face. I frowned but turned back around. When I got the supplies I went back to our lab table to see that Ashton wasn’t in my seat anymore…Logan was. I set the supplies down and looked up at him. He had an evil smirk on his face.



“Oh hell nah. Get up!” I yelled but not loud



“No. And guess what I now claimed this chair as my own.”



He stood up and I saw that his name was written acrossed it. I gasped.



“Logan you can’t just write on school property!” I scolded him



“Calm down mom. Its water proof.” He said



“Still Logan, you can’t do that. Now get up from MY stool. Oh and what did you do to Ashton?” I asked



“I may have, oh I don’t know…threatened to kick him off the football team?”



I groaned. I really shouldn’t have picked a football player. I started getting out my favorite colors so I can start the study guide. Logan just sat there. I looked up at him.



“Are you going to get to work or just stand there?” I asked



“Mmmm.” He mumbled thinking about it. I stared at him in shock. Was he really thinking about this? “I think I’m going to choose the second option.”



“Logan, get to work.” I yelled



“Ugh, your so mean Katie.”



“Class is half way over and we haven’t even started.”



He groaned and got out some colored pencils. He grabbed the paper and wrote. ‘Astronomy’ in the middle of the paper. We took turns writing the vocabulary words around it. We were done with three minutes to spare.



“Wow Logy. You sure can get a lot of work done when you want to.” I told him with a smirk on my face



“Yeah Katie I’m not stupid.” he said



“Never said you were.”



Then the bell rung.



“Want to go to the beach?” Logan asked



“We still have school.” I said



“So.”



“Sooo, we can’t just ditch school.” I told him



“Come on Katie. Live a little.” He said



“No.” I said fiercely



“Please Katie. For me?” he asked me with puppy dog eyes. He knew I couldn’t resist.



“Ugh fine.” I said in defeat





Publication Date: October 31st 2011



https://www.bookrix.com/-crazy.person





