Fearless Pinoy





Complicated but Perfect (COMPLETE)





Chapter One





It’s already seven in the evening; I glance around my room but still lying on my blue queen size bed. The party will start at exactly nine in the evening, my own party and I'm now officially a twenty-one years old lady. I lazily sit up on my bed and sigh, what now? I get off out my comfort bed and walk towards my bathroom.





Glazing at the mirror, I pout and smile. Am I crazy? Not to mention but maybe. I turn on the shower and wait for the warm water to come out. While waiting, I take off my clothes and let my soft long brunette hair to touch my back. I try to feel the water by my hand to be sure if it is already warm enough to get into the shower area.





My phone vibrates inside the drawer, a message if I’m not mistaken. Taking a deep breath, I decided to read the message first. It was from my older brother Frank.





Cheska,

Get ready for your party, the visitors will arrive soon. Happy birthday!





Instead of replying is message, I just sigh. I don’t really want this party; all I want is a simple dinner with mom, dad, my brother and his wife. I suddenly feel the angered that rose from within, the thought of getting engaged and marry a man that I don’t even know. I walk back to the shower area and step into the wet place.





The warm water soothes my skin perfectly; it made me relax and ease the headache that I got from my parents this same day. I don’t know why they did this but I don’t care about the agreement of my family to the family of the man I don’t even know. I’m not a puppet and I’ll let that strange husband-to-be know about it.





After ten minutes of showering, I walk out from my bathroom and start walking to my dresser. Dad and mom told me that my husband-to-be is not coming tonight because he’s been away for a conference, an extraordinary young bachelor. Well, it’s not a problem right? Besides his parent’s will be at my party, so why not enjoy after all it’s my party.





As I was able to get my glittery blue gown, a knock occurs at my bedroom door. “Come in” I said. The door open and there I see beautiful woman standing straight at me, and I call her my mother. “Happy Birthday Francheska” she smiles genuinely. “Thanks mom” I walk towards her and grab her by my arm, given her a bear hug and she did the same.



“You must enjoy your party” she releases me from her hug. I just gave her a frustrating smile. “Cheska, don’t overthink too much. It’s for your own good and for…”



“For the good of both families” I cut her off. “Mom, can’t I just back off about the marriage? I don’t want to marry a man whom I don’t have a clue and besides…”



“Please don’t argue about this Cheska, you and I both know that our family and Jed’s family are friends since who knows when” she kisses my hair. “And besides, your dad and I have seen Jed grow up. He will be the best husband you’ll ever have”



“But mom…” “Just be ready for your party” she snaps then leaves me behind.



By the way, I’m Francheska Shawn the youngest and only girl of the family except my mother of course. I just have one older brother, Frank but he’s already married for about nine months and no child.



From the day I was born until from this very moment, I am still the black sheep of the family. It also crosses my mind that because of being a stubborn child, they want me to marry Jed Crawford the hottest young bachelor in the century. His family and mine were friends since I don’t know, that’s the reason why this thing happens. My family helps their company in times of need and they do the same for us.



My family owns the Shawn Group Company, Inc. it is one of the biggest and most successful Companies in the world of business. Frank helps dad into it but me? I’m just my parent’s headaches. On the other hand, mom is one of the hottest fashion designers in the world. She ran the Shawn Design Incorporation but I didn’t help her and I don’t intend to.



From the day I was born until from this very moment, I am still the black sheep of the family. It also crosses my mind that because of being a stubborn child, they want me to marry Jed Crawford the hottest young bachelor in the century. His family and mine were friends since I don’t know, that’s reason why this thing happens. My family helps their company in times of need and they do the same for us.



But I don’t know why do both parts need to close a deal like marriage? I don’t want to marry a man that I don’t love? I don’t even know him and who knows if he himself doesn’t want this thing? I don’t even see him once. Because every time they will visit us I’m always not around and it also happens when it’s my family’s turn to visit them.



I already finish putting my gown and make-up; I just leave my hair down. I’m ready for my party, I’m ready to face Jed’s family and others but I’m not ready to marry him.





Chapter Two





My brother is the one who escort me out from the house. My party is at the back part of the house where the outdoor pool been located. A sweet music erupts while I was walking towards my party. It’s fantastic, no! I mean awesome. My family did a great job for this event.



“Happy Birthday my princess” greets my brother Frank. “You look lovely Cheska, I hope you love the effort we did” after that Frank kisses my forehead.



“Thanks Frank and I do love it” I smile.



Leading me down to where the visitors are waiting I felt something amazing. Before I step the last stair, Jessica hugs me tight. Jessica was my best friend and my brother’s wife. “Happy Birthday baby” then she kisses my cheek.



“Thank you Jessica” I smile now where I know I’m on my dad’s warm hug.



“Happy birthday my little girl” he chuckles and I tap his back. “Dad, I’m now a lady” I scoff. Then he pushes me gently, his arms holding my shoulders. “I just couldn’t believe that my little girl is well to grown up now” and he kisses my forehead. Mom did the same.



After I hug my family I notice a very beautiful couple behind them, they’re like the same age as my parents. My dad gazes at their direction and they smile fondly at us. “She is really stunning” the man said. “I know” the woman agrees.



“Happy Birthday Francheska” the woman hugs me tight then releases me and the man did the same.

“Bro, you’re absolutely right about your daughter. I’m sure Jed will fall in love with her” the man grins at dad. “Head over heels in love with her” the woman points out.



I feel embarrass about their compliments. There I saw some of my parent’s business partners looking at me. I smile at them and look around. My eye focuses at the left table, where my classmates from high school smiling at me. I giggle and signal them to wait.



“Well, Cheska darling they are Jed’s parents” dad starts.



“I’m Clarisse Crawford and my husband Ben” Jed’s mom introduces.



“Nice to meet you ma’am and sir but I don’t want to be rude. Ah! My classmates, they are here. If it’s okay with you I’ll leave you with my parents?” I say it calmly and respectful as possible.



“Oh! Yeah, I know what you mean honey. I now like you to be my daughter-in-law” Clarisse smiles. This is bad, way too bad.



“I hope that you’ll meet my son tomorrow, you know what I mean right?” she smiles.



“I’m sure not? What do you mean ma’am?” I ask curiously. “Just call me Clarisse honey and don’t you know that you’re coming with us back to Seattle?”



My mouth drops open in shock. What she just say? For Pete’s sake there is no way I’m coming with them. Not now!



“We take it as a yes” Ben grins.



Did my parent’s really do this to me? Are they so eager to let me leave the house? I look at my dad confuse and he suddenly excuses both of us.



“What was that dad? Are you so…” “Look, Cheska it’s just a while and besides its good to let you and Jed meet now” he said.



“I didn’t even accept this agreement between you and your friend daddy, why the hell will I go with them?” I didn’t even notice that my voice rises.



“Honey, just try to know Jed more it’s like give some chance between you and Jed” dad maintain his voice calm.



“Whatever you say! And besides I’m just a troublemaker for you right? That’s why you want to get rid of me immediately” I snap.



“No Cheska, we just…” “Give it a break daddy, I must enjoy my party” and that I left him behind.



I just enjoy my party and not let anyone ruin it. After all, it’s all planned already and I don’t have a choice. Then a thought crosses my mind. What if? What if I’ll make some investigations by myself about Jed? I need to see some flaws about him and by that maybe both our parents will cancel the marriage. What a great plan I have in mind.



At exactly eleven in the evening my party is finish. Jed’s parents stay at our guest room and I myself give sometime alone. I didn’t pack so much things, Clarisse told me that I already have some personal things at their house. How frustrating! Tomorrow, I’ll be leaving. I already say my goodbye’s to the whole town along with my friends, classmates and teachers.





Chapter Three





I’m with Jed’s parents, were waiting for our flight bound to Seattle. They’re both excited for me and Jed and it’s actually safe to say that they’re more excited than me. Before I left at the house, my mom told me that I can come back whenever I want. Maybe she felt sorry for me but I don’t want to take the risk knowing that mom and dad end up fighting because of me.



And last night I’ve decided to give it a try. If it will work out then go but if not then sorry. But aside from that I already have a plan last night and it’s pretty cool. I will get some flaws that might end this ridiculous deal.



“Cheska, we’re going to take our private jet” Ben snaps me back into the world. “The flight is way too long to wait, but if it’s not okay with you then…”



“No, a private jet is awesome. And besides, I the one who was invited and you must lead the way” I smile.



“You’re part of the family now Cheska, please we know that this whole agreement was a shock for you but give it a try” Clarisse smile.



“Yeah, I will” I gave them a reassuring smile.



It just takes us one hour travel and a half drive to their exclusive villa. I’m so tired and lazy to move my body, but I have to. I don’t want to let them think that I’m in disgrace to my family and I can’t stand for myself. Besides, I don’t want to marry their son.



“We’re here Cheska” Clarisse announces.



I step outside the car and gaze at a very beautiful and huge mansion, just like ours. The difference was the façade of it, its light red and a grey. The front yard was fully maintained, it’s so cool. Well, who can argue? Mom told me that Clarisse is one of the best architecture and designer of their years.



“You’re house was so adorable” that’s only I can manage to say. But the truth is I’m speechless.



“Well, thanks but it’s not our house. It’s Jed and yours” Clarisse smiles.



My smile evaporates and it changes into a frown. What does she mean that the house was Jed and mine? But were not married and I don’t intend to. I just said that I give it a try means, know him better.



“You’ll be used to it Cheska” Ben whispers.



I look at him quizzically but didn’t say anything. After a moment, an old woman walks towards us and smile. She must be one of the workers of their family because she’s wearing a uniform same as the others.



“Good morning Mr. and Mrs. Crawford what a surprise visit” she greets. Then her gaze focuses on mine. “It must be? Miss Francheska Shawn?” she smiles. I nod without hesitations, how does she know my name?



“Mrs. Moore, can you usher Miss Shawn to her bedroom and everything?” Clarisse asks.



“Well, it’s my pleasure Mrs. Crawford. Let’s go Miss Shawn” Mrs. Moore invites.



“Are you two coming?” I ask referring to Clarisse and Ben who are still standing beside the car.



“Oh! No Cheska, We’re not staying here” Ben said. “We have a business trip along with your parents in Australia, we just come with you but we’re now leaving” he adds.



“Besides, Jed will be happy to see you here” Clarisse grins.



A big sigh erupts and the couple just laugh, I then nod at them and smile. Now what? I can’t change it anymore.



“Don’t worry, they will not let you starve here you know” Ben smirks.



They bid me goodbye and the car starts running away from the mansion. I then look around and follow Mrs. Moore inside the house. This is really tough but great.



Now that I’m alone I can do my plan to ruin Jed’s image to my family then the whole marriage thing will end. I will make sure of it; I don’t want to marry him. I don’t want to be part of their family. I have my own plans and I don’t want Jed to ruin it.



“Welcome to the house Miss Shawn” Mrs. Moore announces.



“Oh please, just call me Cheska Mrs. Moore” I smile.



“Then just call me granny” Mrs. Moore smile back.



And we both ended up laughing while she usher me to my room. I’m thankful that I’m not sleeping with Jed.





Chapter Four





I’m inside my bedroom and there I frown, Clarisse did a great job buying things for me. They are really serious about me having my own things here. The bedroom is fully furnish and is in exact places. How did they do this? Are they really sure that I’m going to marry their son?



“Granny, where is Jed?” I break the silence.



“Oh, Jed is at work. You know that boy, he keeps on working since he was eighteen” granny sighs.



I sit down at a wooden chair while watching granny change the bed sheet. I’m more curious of Jed now, did he know about the agreement? If so, what was he thinking right now? Maybe he has a girlfriend? I must talk to him, but now I must keep asking granny about him.



“Granny, does Jed has a girlfriend?” I ask.



She froze and sat on the bed. I don’t know but she’s thinking deeply. Am I asking too way off? Too bad, but I don’t mind.



“I think so Cheska, but I like you more than Rose his girlfriend” she sighs.



So, why did Jed agree about this? Later I saw a black SUV pulled outside the mansion. I look intently, there I notice a tall man wearing a business suit. He’s handsome, young but serious. As he open the other door beside the driver’s seat, a very elegant woman catches my attention. They are perfect for each other. Who are they anyway?



“They’re here, I mean she’s here again” granny said sarcastically. There I knew that it was Rose and Jed. Hmmm, I find it interesting.

What will be their expression if they see me here? Well, as possible I don’t want to meet Jed.



“I can tour you around the mansion if you want Cheska” granny smiles after putting the last pillow on the bed.



“I want to do it on my own granny, but I want to do it secretly. I mean please don’t tell Jed that I’m already here, I don’t want to ruin their date or whatsoever today” I smirk.



Granny left me in my so called bedroom. I quickly prepare myself for walking. A short shorts and a black t-shirt is alright along with my black converse. I let my hair fall and walk outside the room.



The mansion is so massive, not like the others I’ve seen. The interior design is so perfect, where is Jed and Rose? I don’t really mind about them, but if this was so. Why doesn’t he back off about the wedding?



“Jed, you know I’m not yet ready” a girls voice occur in one of the rooms where I stood. It must be Rose, I think. I don’t want to spy, but there’s some kind of force that push me to listen to their conversation.



“Rose, will you marry me? Please” Jed asks desperately.



“I’m sorry Jed, but not now. I have so many plans; I want to reach them before I settle down” Rose replies.



I don’t know what happen next but all I know is that I’m standing face to face to a woman named Rose. My mouth drops open and Crap! “Who are you? And what are you doing here?” she spats. How could she just do say that to me?



“I—I I’m sorry ma’am, I just want to talk to Mister Jed” I answer. I hope she will be convinced but I was wrong. “What do you need?” she looks at me furiously. Well I just want to tell him to back off about the agreement you sick!



“Uhm, very important matter Rose, Aunt Clarisse and Uncle Ben wants us to talk about it privately” I said it chin up. Now who’s the boss?



“Who the hell are you?” she glares at me. Is she really that kind of woman, seriously?



“I think it’s none of your business, and I think you and Jed are already finish discussing something” I didn’t let her respond instead I walk pass her and went inside Jed’s mini office, I think. Before we talk I slam the door close so that Rose can’t hear or if she does can’t disturb us.





Chapter Five





“Who the hell are you?” Jed glares at me while slowly recovering from the shocking experience when I slam the door behind him.



“I don’t play games here Jed Crawford” I spat.



“What do you want?” he glares evenly.



“I want you to back off about the agreement of us being married” I said. “So I see you’re Cheska” he smiles. Now, he looks weird.



“And so?” the door burst open and standing there are some familiar faces, my parents, Jed’s parents and Rose. Oh come on! I thought they have some kind of business trip.



“Now, you finally met each other” dad said happily. I roll my eyes and glares at Jed who keeps on smiling at me. He’s being a creep, don’t he knows it?



“So, now we can talk about the marriage and ---““I don’t want to be married to him, he likes somebody else and I don’t like him” I cut Clarisse off.



Our parents look at my direction but I didn’t let my guards down. On the other hand, Jed still keeps on smiling. “Why don’t you ask Jed for clarification?” I smile.



“I don’t want to cancel the agreement Uncle Robert” Jed told my dad.

What on earth is he trying to say?

I look at Rose but she just stare at Jed, later Rose left the area. And from a moment I think she leave the place.



Jed has no heart and I don’t want him. What if one day I’ll gonna regret marrying to a man who has no heart at all?



“Cheska, I want to marry you” Jed smirks and I know that the smirks means something but I just roll my eyes and walk out. I need to breathe some fresh air.



I don’t want to marry him. Oh! I have so many plans and besides he loves someone else, I don’t to be a rebound or a choice. If only someone can help me or change my place. I look at the sky above for hope, how can I get rid of him?



“So you’re just here” I jump off from the bench to look at the man who’s talking, Jed. Now what, asshole day? “Both our parents left already, they just want to make sure that we met before they went to some kind of business trip”



I roll my eyes and sit down at the bench again, pretending that I didn’t hear anything. Praying that he will leave me the hell out alone, and then I was wrong. Instead of walking out, Jed sat down beside me. Ugh! Come on.



“Don’t think that I agree to marry you because I like you. The truth is I’m not” he said. Ugh! How can he say those things? Is he ridiculous? “I just don’t want to disappoint my parents”



“I want you to back out about the wedding” I snap. I look at him seriously and he did the same thing. “You understand? I don’t want to marry you”



“What’s wrong about marrying me? Aha! What if I don’t?” he smirks. This is seriously ridiculous; a young successful bachelor knows how to smirk?



What if he doesn’t want to back out? Well, I guess I might plan that but wait! “I will tell them that you propose to another girl” I smirk back. Now, let us see who the boss is.



I thought he will get mad and back out the wedding but I’m so totally wrong. Instead, he smiles staring at me intently and move his face closer to mine. I can feel his breathe; I can see his lips closer to mine. I want to push him away but I can’t move, looking face to face to this kind of handsome guy? I clearly can’t just ignore his beauty.



“You won’t say a single word about my proposal to Rose or you’ll regret that you met me” he said seriously. “And don’t ever think that I will do some stupid things like kissing you” then he stand up and walk back inside the house leaving me shock but piss.



How could he possible say it to me? Over my live body, I will not be married to him! He’s pathetic. I want to yell at him, to let him know that I don’t like him. My phone vibrates, it’s a call.



“Hello?” I answer. “Hey, Cheska it’s me Jessica. I just want to let you know that the lot that we are planning to buy for our restaurant has been sold to Jed” “What the hell? But we already pay the owner, right? I snap



“I’m on my way to pay them but Jed bought it last night and he doubles the pay” Jessica sobs. “I’ll handle this, I will call you later” then I hang up.



JED CRAWFORD, you piece of shit! Revenge will be mine.





Chapter Six





I look around the house to find Jed inside his mini library. I rush inside without hesitation. He really ruins my life and I won’t let him ruin it without ruining him too.



“What the heck are you doing?” I snap and he jump off the couch. “Reading, what do you think” he sits down on the couch again. “What I mean is why you buy the Baltimore’s lot?” I hiss and take the magazine off his hand.



“What’s your problem about that? The Baltimore’s place is fantastic and I’m planning to extend Rose’s company there”



“Leave the Baltimore’s place alone and I will not say a single word about you and Rose, understand?” I said sarcastically but seriously. I action to leave the library but he held me by his hand immediately.



“I will leave the Baltimore’s place, but marry me” he said. I froze and turn my gaze at him. He’s freeing serious about it. “Why should I? If ---“ “Just 6 months, after that we file an annulment” he said. “Take it or leave it” he continues.



The Baltimore’s Place is a big lot in Canada. I save a lot of money just to buy it; I want to let my parents know that I can manage a business too. Jessica helps me to find that place and this Jed will just ruin everything? And wants to marry me?



“I’m waiting Cheska” he snaps. “6 months! It’s a deal” I don’t have any choice. And besides 6 months is not that long. After 6 months we will be free from each other.



“It’s nice doing business with you, by the way I’m planning that tomorrow will be the wedding. I need to call our parents” then he walks outside the library.



What the heck? The wedding will be tomorrow? Is he trying to kill me? He’s trying to make Rose jealous! My subconscious spats. Yeah right, how can I possibly forget about it? What should I do?



I went to my bedroom to think something else. The flaws about Jed are proposing other girl and blackmailing me. Ugh! Did I catch the entire baffle in the world? I want to be free out here.



My phone buzzes indicating a call. I look at the caller ID and it’s from my brother. “Hello” I answer. “Hey, how are you doing? Dad and mom told me that tomorrow is your wedding. I thought you don’t want to marry him? What change your mind?” Frank asks and I know that he’s happy.



I give him a big sigh. “Nah, I just need to embrace my destiny. Beside, dad and mom told me that… Never mind! By the way, are you coming tomorrow?”



“Of course, I won’t miss the chance to see my little sister marrying man he love or not?” he teases. I giggle and we both hang up. I miss Frank already, he knows that I don’t like this agreement but I don’t have a choice but to follow their wills and beside Jed and I also had an agreement that our marriage will end until 6 months.



I dive on my bed and let my body feel the comfort that brought from it. I need to take some time to think. A moment of silence erupts not until a knock from my bedroom door occur.



“Come in” I said while sitting up on the bed. The door open and granny is smiling at me. “Hey granny, what can I do for you?” I manage a slight smile.



“I’ve heard that tomorrow is your wedding. I’m happy for the two of you” granny said. “Yeah, well. I don’t have a choice and besides we have a secret… I mean that’s our parents will” I must not tell her about the deal that Jed and I talked about. Or else Baltimore’s place will never be mine.



“Cheska, just take time knowing Jed he’s good and responsible” she smile. Yeah right responsible. “You’ll never know that you might fall in love with him and him to you” My mouths drops open. There’s no way I’ll fall for him and I know he loves somebody else.



“That’s impossible granny. We’re both forced to do this, we don’t want to disappoint our parents” I smile. “Well, I hope you think of it! Arrange marriage will end up into perfect. I have to go, just call me if you need everything alright? I’ll just call you for dinner” she bids and walks off.



But before she’s gone out of my sight “I just want to take a sleep granny, this day is so tiring and I want to be alone. I won’t get that privilege after the wedding” then I shut the door close.





Chapter Seven





“Sleeping beauty wake up, today will change your life! You’re Wedding day” I jerk out from my sleep to see my mom, Clarisse and granny staring down at me. Are they really the excited to ruin my sleep?



“Give me a break mom, I’m still sleeping! Why can’t you wait that I wake up by myself in my own time?” I hiss but it was too late. Clarisse pull me out of the bed and push me to the bathroom, before I can protest she shut the door close. I’m standing in the bathroom with her. Now what?



“Let’s get you ready for the day” Clarisse smile. ”But—““No but’s okay? Now just keep quiet and let me handle this”



After 30 minutes inside the bathroom, I was able to get out now. No mirrors, I can’t see my own face this is pathetic! “You’re so beautiful Cheska” mom gasps. I smile at her and there I notice on my bed lay a white long gown. It’s beautiful no one can argue about it! Mom did a great job.



“Now, fit this gown I made with the help of my friends” mom said.



I did what she told me, and the gown fits me perfectly. “Here comes the mirror” granny giggles. I smile and look myself on the mirror. There I see a beautiful woman standing, looking at me. She’s so matured; too way off from the real me. I smile then walk towards my study table.



“What’s wrong Cheska?” mom asked. “Nothing mom, I just love my wedding dress” and I hope that I wear this wedding dress to marry the man I love.

“And who will put on my make-up?” I ask. They all smile at me. “You better take-off your wedding dress and put the robe first because your make-up artist will be here” Clarisse smile.



I do what she told me, about a minute “They you are, what a lovely bride” the make-up artist gasps. “You are really beautiful without make-up” he hugs me, he’s a gay. “Cheska, we’ll meet you at the church okay?” mom bids then they all gone leaving me, the make-up artist and his assistant behind.



An hour passes by and I was wearing my wedding dress now. I feel bored so I’ve decided to write my dos and don’ts while we’re married. This includes:

Own bedroom; no asking personal stuff; no intrusive with both parties; no borrowing personal stuff including towels; toothbrush; undies and bras. I giggle about the last thing I wrote but I didn’t erase it.



The make-up artist is busy putting my veil when Jed enters my room. I glance at him but get my attention back to my writing. I feel burning eyes looking down at me and I don’t intend to look back because I know that it’s Jed. Wait! What the hell is he doing here?



“Why are you here?” I break the silence and that time the make-up artist is already finished. “Why? I want look at you before I go to church so that I won’t be surprise” he smirks.



“Don’t you believe about the superstition that you must not see the bride before the wedding?” I smirk back. “It will end up bad you know”



“Nah, we both know the deal so I don’t need it. See you at the wedding, by the way? I thought white gowns are for the virgins only” he turns his heels on me. I wasn’t able to handle myself. I took off my wedding sandals and throw it at his back. He’s insulting me so much. I can’t take it anymore.



“What was that for?” he ask seriously. “Don’t you dare do that to me again you---“



“Don’t you ever tell me what to do Jed; Stop insulting me I am still a virgin and I already wrote down our deal on my diary” I snap.



The make-up artist and his assistant explode a cough. I forgot that they are there but who care? I am really pissed.



“You better get ready for the wedding Miss Shawn because I’ll be waiting at the aisle” then after that he left.



“Miss Shawn, let’s go. Don’t be upset now” the make-up artist smiles at me. I just nod as a sign of response.



I was able to go to the church when I remember that my wedding sandals are nowhere to be found. Where the hell it is? Darn it! I don’t have enough time to look for it! I just grab another wedding sandal and unfortunately don’t fit me.



“Are you alright Miss Shawn?” the make-up artist asks concern. “Yes I am” I walk downstairs and went straight to the limousine.



Jed really tries to freak me out about this whole marriage thing, but I will not let him ruin my life by not ruining his. If he’s playing a game then I’m up to it!

Mr. Crawford, I can play too you know?





Chapter Eight





I arrived at the church, there I see a huge media people. Along came my dad from inside. “I’m so happy for you Francheska” he smiles while hugging me. “Dad, is it really necessary to have the whole media on my wedding day?” I ask frustratingly. He laughs and taps my back, I just sigh in defeat. Dad and I attempt to go inside when one of my sandals unexpectedly went off. Now what? Go back to where I started just to put back on those damn sandals?

I frustratingly shake my head.



I was on my way to get the damn sandal when one of the visitor whispers “Oh! According to the saying when the bride accidentally took off her sandal it means a bad luck and their marriage will end up into divorce” then another woman whisper “Someone, give it back to the bride so that the bad luck is not huge”



I clasp my hand and sigh. No matter what they say, our marriage has an expiration date. I attempt to be quick of putting my sandals on when Jed show up in front of me, his left hand holding my original wedding shoes.Maybe he hides it when I threw it to him.

And again, another unexpected move was again performed. Jed knelt down in front of me, putting my wedding shoes carefully onto my feet.



I hear gasps and whisper and relief from the visitors. I also heard some teens that giggle and say “Isn’t it sweet? What a lovely couple” but then again this are just Jed Crawford’s show. For him not to disappoint his parents and hurt the one that he truly loves Rose.





After Jed put my wedding shoes onto the perfect place, he then stands up and smile at me and my dad. I give him a back-off look then he smiles “Be careful next time and hey! I’ll see you down the aisle” but before he walk to the aisle, I grab his arm and whisper “Wait for me there, okay?” then I smirk.I told you, I can play your game. Don’t you dare try me Jed, because I bravely accepting the challenge.

His mouth drops open in shock before I left him.



“I now announce you, husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride” the priest announces. I look at Jed and he look back at me, Darn it! I forgot about this kissing thing. “Don’t you dare kiss me” I mouth at him “I will…” before I finish my sentence, Jed swoops me to a 5 seconds kiss.



My mouth drops open but he smirks at me; I don’t want to let him win this game. So before he could turn back to the people, I put my palm on his face and gave him a deep kiss. I push him back then smirk.Now we’re tie!





The next thing I knew, my dad and mom swings me with a hug. “You’re now a wife” mom exclaims. I smile at her than taking pictures follows.



After the wedding, we went straight to the reception area then we went home. Brandon’s mini apartment, we didn't go back to his mansion. “I don’t have a spare room, so you should probably sleep on the floor” he said.



I couldn't believe it! His really acting ridiculous, he’s not even a gentleman!Come on! He’s not a gentleman to you because he’s just using you for Rose!

My subconscious spats. Well I guess she’s right! After all, this whole marriage is based on a lie. “So?” he snaps. “I can’t sleep on the floor, it’s so hard and I haven’t even tried sleeping on it ever since and besides, you are the man!” I shout.



“We’re just the same” he shouts back. He’s really getting out of my nerves. Before I could protest, Jed jumps on the bed and hides his face under the pillow. “I will just sleep on this one end! But don’t you dare touch me” I warn. “Oh no, you’re the one that should bear that in mind” he said and he suddenly moved his back on my back leading my body fall down from the bed.



“Ouch! What the heck are you trying to do?” I shout but still lying down on the floor, bearing the pain I got. “Ooops, I’m also naughty on the bed you know keep on moving like the hands of the clock” I look at him but he’s not facing me, so I got up and sigh. “As for me being a gentleman, I would let you sleep on the other end” then he started moving away from my place.



“You are like a retard person that is so insanely…” I was cut off by a snore. Jed Crawford is snoring? Unbelievable; I then lay down at the other end of the bed. Trying to consume all the events that just happened; I’m a married woman now.



I try few styles for me to sleep but I still couldn’t. There and then, Jed’s back is like calling me. I try not to be doomed about it but unfortunately my body abandoned me. I feel myself moving towards Jed’s back and started hugging him.



He moves but still keeps on snoring, he’s fast asleep. My husband, he’s now my husband and I am now Mrs. Jed Crawford.6 months!

My subconscious reminded me.



I roll my eyes and let Jed’s warm back consumes me in the darkness. I am his for 6 months, and he is mine. Even just for a while.





Chapter Nine





I was awaken by the shimmering light that expand in the room, I felt warm around my body. I rub my eyes and try to sit up, but I was unfortunately abandoned by my own body again. I felt some heavy muscles surrounded my top body part what’s going on?

I gaze at my side and it then answered all my questions.



My husband is hugging me tight, my head leaning on his broad hard chest and I'm embracing him as he is to me. I am able to look at his face too closely, not wanting him to be awoken. Later I know, he is hugging me tighter and slowly pulling the blanket to mine. Wait what? We are sharing the same blanket?

I gasp in horror and finally my brain is now thinking. I look back at Jed and now we are both in shock, and without a nanosecond we both push away from each other and an awkward silence occurred.



“Are you trying to watch me while sleeping?” Jed breaks the silence. “Don’t be ridiculous you jerk! Why would I watch you sleeping?” I snap and quickly stand up from the bed. “You’re supposed to sleep on the floor, why are you now in my bed?” he asks facing at me. “We both agreed that I can sleep at the other end of the bed” I remind him.



What was I thinking? Oh please floor, eat me now!

For me to change the subject I walk straight to the bathroom and take a few minutes calming myself. What if he thinks that I'm wandering about him?

My phone buzzes indicating a call from dad.



“Hi there princess, how are you?” “Hi dad, I’m fine thanks for asking!” I said not hiding the sarcastic tone in my voice. He chuckles and sigh “You know what Cheska? You don’t need to be upset, Jed is the perfect husband! He is good, talented, determined and I can guarantee you that he will do his best to make sure that you are okay” “Dad, I---I need to go! Jed is calling me right now” I lie because I don’t want to talk to them right now, not even my brother. “I know that you are still mad about the agreement Cheska but…” “Don’t mind it dad, you can’t change anything. Goodbye” then I hang-up.



I open the bathroom door and walk outside. Where the heck is Jed?

I went downstairs and to the kitchen but still no signs of Jed. I am about to open the refrigerator when I see something from the corner of my eye. A sticky note that says:Mrs. I can’t wait for you to go outside from the bathroom that’s why I just make some notes. I’m on my way to work! See you tonight.

JED





I sigh in relief. Now I can stay away from the confrontations that happen this morning. My phone buzzes again indicating a call from I don’t know, I press the answer button and wait for the caller to talk. “Is this Francheska Shawn?” “Yes, who is this?” I ask. “Good morning ma’am, I am Rico Steer the owner of Baltimore’s Place. I just want to tell you that the place was already taken by Mr. Jed Crawford and that I have to apologize…” I didn't let the caller to finish his apologies, instead I hang-up and walk outside.



I need to talk to Jed!

We already have an agreement. He’s so pathetic if he thinks that I am weak and easily bullied. I will let him taste my anger. I pull out my own car from the garage, luckily dad gave me a new car as a wedding present.



About thirty minutes’ drive I safely arrive at Jed’s office. Chin up and walking straight like a model, I focus my sight on the elevator. The elevator door pops open, I go inside and presses the last floor of the building. Fortunately granny told me where Jed’s office is and what floor he is.



I didn’t bother knocking on Jed’s office door, there I see him doing nothing. “Cheska, what a surprise” he smirks. “Don’t you dare call me by my name; I am insanely pissed about you. Why you still bought the Baltimore’s Place Jed? We already had a deal!” I yell. “The place is good for the company Cheska and besides what will you do about the place?” he asks.



“You don’t need to know!” I snap. “Of course I have to know, if you really like to have the Baltimore’s Place tell me the reason why!” he yells back. I sigh in defeat, he’s right! I really need and like the Baltimore’s Place and again I don’t have the choice but to tell him about my plan.



“Fine, I want to build my own restaurant and Baltimore’s Place is the first location I dream of having my own restaurant but it was all ruined because of this bullshit agreement!” I snap. I really don’t think that he is listening at me but surprisingly he does. He is thinking very carefully.



“Well then, you can have the Baltimore’s Place” he states. “What? I mean seriously?” I happily gasp. “An agreement is an agreement, but if you will fail this time I swear I will take back that place Cheska” he warns. “You can count on me” I smile.



“Just sign here and remember you are not Francheska Shawn anymore so change your signature as well” he grabs a piece of documents and gave it to me, I on the other hand happily grab the document out of his hand and quickly sign it.



“It’s nice making business with you my husband” I smirk. “I can say the same with you my wife” he smirks back. Then off I went, happy leaving him behind. What an awkward calling between the two of us, husband and wife?





Chapter Ten





“I want to have a mini garden on that area and on the other part I want to have the bar” I am instructing my workers for the renovation of the restaurant. I am in Baltimore’s place and now it is 9 in the evening.



“We can finish the second floor tomorrow but now…” “Excuse me ma’am, there is a handsome guy looking for you” said by the young girl named Cathy. I look at her confuse and glance at the handsome man standing behind her. Jed Crawford, my husband looking at me intently. I clear my throat and whisper to Cathy “Thanks, it’s my husband” and look at her with a back-off one. She then understands what I want to tell and left us there.



“What a surprise my husband, why are you here?” I ask smugly. “Just the first day but there is lots of changes in this place” he said while looking at the surroundings. I embrace myself with success; I told you I can do it! “I don’t want to let you down and besides I don’t want to leave this place without progress” I smile and inhale. “Its late night already Cheska, don’t you have plan to go home?” he asks. I hold the sheet high for him to see that I am still busy and I said “I would but maybe later, if you want you can…” he cut me off by taking the sheets on my arm and put it on the table.



“Wait Jed, what are you doing? I’m not finish with my works here” I said. “That’s why God invented tomorrow for us to finish what we left yesterday and he gave us the night so we can take a rest” he explains. I try to protest but it’s too late, Jed grabs my arm and led me to his car. “What about my car?” I ask. “Your workers can make sure that it will be safe so get in the passenger seat”



I action to open the passenger door when Jed grab it from me, I look at him confuse “Let me do it for you” he said. “Well, I can open it but thanks” I smile. I settle down on the car and Jed close the door for me, he ran towards the driver’s seat and we both buckle up our seatbelts. He starts the engine and off we go.



It is a 30 minutes’ drive from my restaurant to Jed’s apartment, not the mansion. While in the car, I felt an awkward silence and I need to talk so much so that I will not fall asleep.



I look at some of the receipts and total the amount I spend for the renovations of the restaurant. I then glance secretly to my husband who is focusing his eyes on the road. He is really handsome and I hate to admit but I think I’m falling in love with him.



Don’t you dare forget that he loves somebody else and the 6 months contract!

My subconscious reminded me. What can I do? I still love him “Amuse by my face my wife?” he snaps that makes my mind working again. I look out that window to hide my blushes “I’m just wondering why you visited me there” I lie, and to think that he will buy my small lie. “Well, I want to see the changes and if I should take back the place” he said.



I look back at him and now his eyes are back on the road. So to keep my brain and body working, I quickly look back the receipts. “What are those?” he asks. I look at him questioningly and he look at the receipts that I was holding “Ah! This are the receipts I spend for the renovations, I need to hide them. You know, the prices as of today are much more expensive than I thought” I explain.



“The paints, the table and chairs, and other things that I need to put on the restaurant for it to be great and good-looking for the customers” I sigh not wanting to end up the topic because I know for sure that my eyes will give up.



I am so tired, and I do want to take a peaceful sleep. I check the receipts one last time and securely put it inside the envelope. I yawn and there I felt that my eyes will shut close. I must not sleep “Hey Jed, I already told you about the recent happenings of the restaurant’s progress, maybe it’s your time to tell me something” I command. “What shall I tell you?” he asks without leaving his eyes off the road. “Anything so that I couldn’t sleep” I said while yawning again.



I am so damn tired, please Jed say something. I again yawn for the third time and I think I am going to breakdown.



“I am so tired” and for the fourth time I yawn and now darkness consumes me slowly. But before I fully asleep I heard Jed murmur something “Just take a rest my lovely wife, you need to take care of yourself” I maybe hallucinating but if not I think he loves me to.



How can he love you if he loves Rose? Don’t be ridiculous Cheska!

My subconscious spats at me and finally I fell asleep.





Chapter Eleven





I wake up from my beautiful sleep because of the shining light of the beautiful sun. I quickly get up in shock; I am on Jed’s bed. How did I sleep here? The last thing I knew is that I’m sleeping on the car while we’re on our way home.



Jed might carry me because he doesn’t want me to wake up. I smile from the thought of him carrying me. Don’t put colors of the things that he did to you because you don’t have any reason to be happy!

My subconscious spats again but this time I roll my eyes at her.



Happily, I get up from the bed and went to the bathroom. I brush my teeth, wash my face and fix my hair, leaving it down. I then went outside of the bathroom, outside from the bedroom and straight downstairs. It’s Saturday and to think that Jed has no work on weekends.



I search the house looking for my husband. Now I accept the fact that I love him even he loves someone else. I accidentally open Jed’s mini Library and there I saw Jed talking with 3 other handsome young man about our age. Their conversation stops when they saw me standing on the door. I try to leave but it’s too late, Jed is looking at me intently including the three guys.



“I…I’m sorry to interrupt, I just leave now” I said. The man with a dark hair stands up “Why leave? You are so beautiful, no wonder why Jed marries you” he stops and looks at Jed then give a little cough. “Well never mind, I’m Nathan Brown by the way” he introduces. “Hi” I mutter.



“Oooh, I think Nathan has a crush on your wife Jed” the dirty blonde guy grins. “No, I just appreciate the beauty that God gave to her and beside Jed I’m not much in wasting time not telling the girl how beautiful she is” Jed didn’t say anything, instead he stands up and walk towards me. I look at him and he smiles, it makes me feel care and loved by him. He then grabs my hip by his hard muscular arm and rests my body to his side. Nathan Brown back-off.



“His name is John Flynn” Jed introduces the guy who has a dirty blonde hair. John nods at me and smile and I did the same to him. “That one is Ryan Scotts” Jed introduces the blonde man beside John. Ryan smiles at me and said “You are really pretty, Jed really marry you and we thought that he’s going to marry…” he look at Jed and stop “Ayah! Nice meeting you Cheska” “Nice to meet you too” I said, but I know that he’s referring to Rose but was stopped by Jed’s furious eyes.



“What about me?” Nathan interrupts. “She already knows your name” Jed snaps sarcastically, I shrug. “Well actually Jed, your wife is so good to feature the new magazine of mine the “Life is Fun with clothes for summer edition” Nathan said changing the subject. “I beg your pardon?” I said. “You are the perfect first female model to be capture on my magazine Racetrack Rider Community” Nathan said. “I’m sorry, but I am not a model” I smile apologetically. “But you could be and beside you just need to pose and smile for the camera and I will pay you with the amount that we will be talking” he said full of hope. I felt Jed’s eyes looking at us intently so I look at him and smile.



“I didn’t say yes about this yet Nathan and haven’t you heard Cheska? She’s not a model so please give it a break. You could still find someone better” Jed said that makes me upset. “So you mean that I am not suitable to be a model and that I am not beautiful?” I snap and step away from him. “I didn’t say that” he snaps back. “You don’t have to say it because you already define it!” I snap again. “Fine, I did say that but you still can’t handle the model thing because of your restaurant” he glares.



"I think I’m the one who can tell about the things that I should and shouldn’t do” I glare back at him. “Excuse me, but you shouldn’t fight about this thing you know” Nathan interrupts. “Back-off Nathan it’s a husband and wife fight, you don’t want to mess with them” John said. “Let him be John, I haven’t seen Nathan lying across the floor” Ryan scoffs.



I didn’t take my glare off to Jed, I am not afraid you know! “Fine” Jed sigh in defeat “Fine” I smile “Now, Nathan tell me about the salary and the things I need to do” I continue. Jed sat back to his seat while Nathan and I talk about the modeling thing.



Later, Jed and the two guys have their own topic but in the corner of my eye, Jed is not really listening to the two boys because he is insanely staring at me and Nathan. Why acting so strange right now boy? Nathan and I finished discussing about the modeling thing; on the other hand Jed and the two boys are finished with their topic as well.



“So, when will I start the modeling?” I ask Nathan. “Well, hey Jed why don’t you bring Cheska at the Racetrack Rider Community in Whidbey Island? I’m sure that the other Community members are dying to meet her” Nathan said. “Excuse me, Racetrack Rider what?” I ask confusingly, Jed hasn’t mentioned something like this kind of stuff.



“It’s a Community for…” “I’ll bring him and besides it’s Rainer’s birthday” Jed cut off Nathan.



He will bring me with him? Oh! He is so sweet. He was just forced by Nathan because he told him so, don’t be ridiculous and besides he hasn’t tell you about this community because you’re not included to his future you fool!

My subconscious glare at me but I know she’s right about it.





Chapter Twelve





“Am I really awake?” that’s the only question I keep on asking Jed. “For the last time, yes you are very awake” he snaps. I think he was pissed off because I keep on asking him the same thing. Well, the Racetrack Rider Community is very amazing; this place is like covered by the forest.



“I’m sorry, I just you know, it’s like we’re on the same dimension of the world. This place is so peaceful and private” I sigh. “Well, I can’t argue with that. Rainer’s the owner of this community; he is a car racer but sometimes motocross racer. The members of this community are exclusive people, Rainer wants this community to be private for the, members” he explains.



So the member of the community is just private or exclusive people? Which means “Are you a member of this community?” I ask. He exhale sharply and said “We’re already here and to your question, yes I am a member in this community” after that, he unlock the car door and climb out from the car. At first I thought he will be gentlemen again but I was wrong.



“I will never open your door, so come out now!” he spats. I glare at him and do as he said. “This is the Rider Community Restaurant, the other members are already here and I just want to let you know that the members of this community are exclusive for boys and if you see some girls well then maybe it’s the member’s sister or wife or girlfriend. Now, before we get inside is there anything you want to ask?” Jed looks at me with frustrating eyes. “Why are you so grumpy today?” I ask not looking at him.



He didn’t respond, instead he open the Rider Community Restaurant and then he’s gone. As for me I don’t want to fight with him so I follow his way carefully but fast.



“Here comes the newlywed” a guy with red hair named Josh announces. They were all wearing a racetrack uniform and they have a nameplate at the left top corner of their rider jackets. “So, you are Cheska, Nathan was right you are really beautiful” a guy named Shane smiles at me. “Nathan keeps on bragging at us about your wife Jed, and I think he has his eyes on Cheska” a guy named Logan interrupts. “I hope he’ll crash” Jed scoffs.



Then the door opens, I look at the man who is so young and has a serious look he’s Rainer the owner of the community. “Happy Birthday Bro, you’re no longer young” Jed teases. “Whatever you man, why did you come here? You didn’t invite us to your wedding and you just showed up like that?” Rainer smirks.



“Don’t question me about that man besides it’s a rush wedding and you know what I mean” Jed said indicating to close the subject about our marriage. I am still standing at the side of the door like a statue; Jed on the other hand didn’t look at me again.



“By the way, Jed there is someone who ones to congratulate you about your wedding” a guy named Kyle said while he signal his hand to the one he’s referring to and it was Rose!

“I’ve seen your wedding but only on television, by the way congratulations” Rose said then she held her hand to Jed for a handshake. I’ve never been jealous before because my parents and my brother keeps on giving me what I want, but when Jed accepted the handshake all I wanted is to cry and run as far as I could.



To calm myself I try to play cool and advised myself to give a space between Jed and me. Now, that’s what you get for being a fool Cheska, you totally forget about the 6 months contract!

Again I sigh but I was surprised by a man who just pop beside me. “Hi Cheska, why are you here and not with your husband?” “Noah?” I ask confusingly. “Yes and you’re Cheska right?” “Yes, why are you here?” I mutter. “I notice that you choose to be alone than to be with Jed, are you jealous?” he smirks. “Uh-oh? No, why would I be jealous and besides if it wasn’t because of me, maybe those two will end up being together so I don’t have the right to get jealous”



“I see” I hop out from my chair when I heard a strange voice at behind me and the most awkward scene is that he looks like Noah, he’s like the replica. “Who are you?” I ask awkwardly. “I’m Jonah, Noah’s twin and I’m sorry if I surprise you. You two seem kind to have some serious conversation” he smirks and sits on the other side beside me.



“So as far as I heard, you won’t oblige if they will be together while you and Jed will divorce?” Jonah asks, I think for one minute about his question but for me to face the reality, I nod yes.



“We have to go to my house” Jed interrupts behind me. The twins look at me with sympathy but I just smile at them with reassurance that I’m okay. I didn’t bother to look at Jed; instead I walk directly to his car.



Before Jed step outside the Rider Community Restaurant, I saw him and Rose smile and hug each other, Rose is like a princess wearing the Rider’s uniform for girls, I think. Then after that, Jed walks slowly to the car. “All the Community members have their own house here” he explains. He starts the engine and off we go to his so called house.



I just nod, his mood is now happy. Well, he saw his true love!

My subconscious sighs with sympathy too.





Chapter Thirteen





The ride from the community restaurant until at Jed’s house is so quiet. I mean, Jed keeps on talking but I just let myself be quiet. I don’t know but when I saw him with Rose at the Restaurant, my whole mood is gone away.



We step inside his house, it is so big. “We have a problem” he said. I look at him confusingly and he gesture his hands to a door, I walk towards the door and open it; it’s his bedroom. “You don’t have another spare room again?” I ask. “I thought you wouldn’t talk again, so where do you want to sleep? Bedroom or floor or sofa?” instead of talking back I choose to sigh. I want to go back to my parents!

My heart is crying with pain.



“Is there anything wrong Cheska?” he asks, I shook my head and smile. “Well, to solve this problem let’s toss a coin you choose, heads or tails?” Jed smirks. He’s playing but I don’t have the energy for it, so advising my heart I decided to “I’ll sleep on the sofa” then I grab some pillow.



I left him in the bedroom and lay down on the sofa. It’s a bit cold but I can handle it, I think. “You can sleep on the bed if you want to” Jed said, he’s following me and I didn’t even notice it. “I’m fine” I said. “Okay, but Cheska I have to go right now. I need to meet someone” and by that I close my eyes to stop the tears from falling. “Is it Rose whom you’re going to meet?” I ask. “Why are you asking? I thought…” “You don’t need to tell me, you can go. We don’t need to ask permission from one another right?” I cut him off.



“How can you possibly say that?” he asks. I turn to look at him and smile “6 months contract, remember? You’re the one who told me” then I turn around from him. “Yeah, I will just leave my membership card here so that if you want anything you can use this and they will just charge it from me” “I don’t need it” I said. “I don’t have food here and you need to eat so you need this. The members of the club has a race game today, I need to participate. See you tonight” then he’s gone.



I wait for his car to start and it did. My phone buzzes indicating a call from who knows? “Hello?” I answer. “Hey, Cheska how are you? Finally, I’m able to contact you...” “Who’s this?” I cut the caller off and his voice is obviously a boy. “Sorry about that, it’s me Nathan Brown” “Oh! Hi! How are you?” that’s all I can say. “I’m fine thanks for asking, I just call to tell you that tomorrow 10 am at the Rider Community Beach” “Sorry, I don’t get what you’re putting down” I said. “The model thing, the set-up is at the Rider Community beach” he explains. “Ah! Good, I’ll be there” “Great, see you there” “See you” then we both hang up.



I decided to roam around the Racetrack Rider Community and let my mind and heart to clear off about Jed with Rose’s arms again. I shook my head not wanting to think about it again so I walked, walked and walked until I arrived to unexpected area. It’s so beautiful and peaceful; it’s like a mini forest.



I intended to walk deeper on it when “Are you okay?” a girl’s voice asking but who? Should I snoop around here? “Yes, you should be the one I’m asking” a voice of a guy answers. I gasps in shock, I knew that voice it’s. JED CRAWFORD. I glance at him and he’s with Rose! I quickly hide near a bush and listen to their conversation. “Yeah, I’m fine and I’m sorry” said Rose. “Sorry for what? It’s not your fault…” “Your car” she scoffs. “Let’s deal with that later” he said.



Then a silence occur so I started wondering what’s happening, I glance at them and! I felt my heart explode, my eyes starts crying, my hands are so tight. Jed and Rose in my own eyes they are kissing, I witness it in front of me. Should I run? Should I stay? Should I shout at them?

To calm myself I try to walk out from the scene, later I know I step to a stick which makes a crack sound. I gasps in horror, have they heard her? Footsteps occur towards her and there standing in front of her, Jed panting and Rose following her husband. “Cheska, how long have you been here?” Jed gasps in shock. It’s because he’s afraid if you saw him kissing Rose!

“Long enough to notice that I saw you two kissing” after I said it to him, I run as fast as I could. I wanted to go home now, I deserve to be happy.



I ran towards Jed’s house, I need to pack-up my things and “Cheska, thank God I found you, the photo shoot for the modeling has been rescheduled, it’s starting today and come on now” Nathan said inside his car without cutting his breath. I look at him and tears starts running down to my face. “Hey Nathan what have you done?” I hurriedly dried my tears and look at the person talking, the twins is on the backseat of Nathan’s car. “Okay, let’s go there and finish that modeling thing so I can go back to Seattle” I whisper.



Instead of letting me get inside Nathan’s car, the 3 boys step outside. “What’s wrong Cheska?” Noah asks. “Nothing, I just miss my…” “And please don’t lie” Jonah cuts me off. “It’s nothing” I mutter. “Good now let’s go, Noah and Jonah just tell Jed that Cheska is with me and that we’ll be at the Community beach” Nathan demands then he lead me to his car. Before Nathan can start driving “Jed, Nathan wants to elope with your wife” Noah shouts. “Nathan is so afraid to tell you” Jonah continues.



“What are you two doing?” I yell. “Just leave them alone, they keep on doing that” Nathan said “Let’s go” he continues and he starts the engine when “What the heck are you trying to do with her?” Jed just appears at the window with a furious look on his face.





Chapter Fourteen





“Is this what you want Cheska?” Jed shouts at me. After the incident in the car with Nathan, Noah, Jonah and Jed, he drags me off to his house but now I am so scared. Why are you scared? He betrayed you by kissing Rose!

My subconscious spats.



“We didn’t do anything, we just… we need to be ready for the photo shoot” I explain. “If that so, why didn’t you tell me?” he shouts. “Why do I have to tell you? You didn’t even tell me about you being with Rose and kissing her!” I yell back. Go on Cheska, don’t back down!

“So this is all about? Me kissing the woman I love and that she…” “You don’t have to tell me because I know it! So for all this ridiculous things to be finish, I will just participate to the photo shoot and go back to my parents” I sigh with tiredness.



“And what will you tell them? That I…” “I will lie to them, I will find a way then when the six months come I’ll let my attorney talk to you about the divorce” I said “I should go, Nathan and the others will be waiting for me” I stand up from the couch and walk towards the front door. “I’ll drive you there” he snaps. I nod yes only because I don’t know the place and I’m also tired.



“We’re going to use your motorbike?” I ask confusingly. “Yeah, do you have any problem with that?” he asks. “No, not really it’s just that nothing. Let’s go” I said. “Wear my helmet” he commands “Why would I wear that if I can wear the reserve one?” I ask again. You keep on asking too many questions, just wear them” I do as he said and ride at his motorcycle. I’m sitting at his back and off we go.



Jed drive slowly “Are you okay?” he asks “Yes, it’s just I’m afraid to ride a motorbike” I explain while panting. Later I know he stops the engine and took off his helmet and I do the same. “Why didn’t you say so?” he asks turning his head to look at me. “Because… because…” I don’t know how to explain, I’m ridiculously nervous and my hands are shaking. “Cheska, are you alright?” “Yes, I am. Let’s go just don’t worry about me” I give him a reassuring smile but I know he didn’t buy it! “Tell me” he whispers. “I’ve been in an accident with my brother and I promise that I will not ride a motorbike ever again but you came and…” Jed gently gives me a kiss and shockingly I’m kissing him back. And all of the fights back then were all flash out and I forgive him but I couldn’t forget him kissing Rose and he said it’s her he love which means he doesn’t love me. I push him and quickly.



“I’m sorry, I… I really am” I mutter. “Cheska, about Rose and I back…” “I know it! Besides you’re right, she’s the one you must marry and not me. Jed I understand and I’m okay with it” I smile but deep down inside I’m in so much pain. If only you know, but I don’t own your heart.



“Cheska I…” “Come on Jed, let’s go. The rest are waiting and so that I can go back home tonight” I didn’t let him explain, I put his helmet back on my head and he did the same using the reserve helmet. “Are you sure you want to ride the motorbike?” he asks. “Yes, I need to face my fears” then again we start on our way.



It’s a 15 minutes’ ride from where we stop to the Rider Community Beach. I can smell the salty breeze that brought from the salty water. I walk towards the other models while Jed is behind me.



“Hey, they’re here” Nathan announces. “Hi” Noah greets. “Don’t you dare do that again” I snap. “Do what?” he asks. “You know what I mean” then I left him. I look all over around and I saw Jed and Rose talking privately again. Ouch!

My subconscious mutter, I nod in agreement but what can I say? I’m just the invader.



“Cheska, hurry up! It’s your time to shine. Dress her now!” Nathan commands. “Dress me? I can dress…” “We will dress you, I mean here come now, double time” the designer commands. I look at Jed but he is still busy talking to the woman who owns his heart, so I follow the command of the fashion designer.



“You’re breathtaking Cheska” the designer exclaims and the other staff nods in agreement. “You will totally rock this summer magazine” Nathan smiles at me and again the staff nods in agreement. I’m wearing a black with white strips bikini but I’m covered with transparent overlay so the bikini will still be able to see, with matching shades and not wearing any slippers.



After 30 minutes’ the photo shoot is done, I need to change 10 outfits and pose different styles and now I’m exhausted. Nathan and the other staffs are start packing up their belongings. Still I haven’t seen Jed left Rose, they are still talking. Stop it Cheska! Don’t fool yourself. Use the brain now please?

My subconscious begs. I need to stay cool, so for me not to be rude.



“Excuse me” I said. Jed and Rose both look at me intently. “Jed, I have to go” I said. “Let me drive you back to my house” he said. “Jed you promise me that you’re going to help me pack my things” Rose’s interrupts. Jed looks at me and to Rose, he’s confuse and I can tell that “Well, I can walk back there and besides I know where to go. Bye” then I walks away from them.



I arrive at Jed’s house and there I felt empty. I love him but he loves someone else and I know that already, why Jed? Why did you make me fall in love with you if you’re not going to catch me?



I pack my things and glance at the clock, it’s already 6 pm and Jed is not home yet but I need to go. I waited five more minutes and still Jed’s not back but I need to go, I have to. I just probably write him a letter!

Then I did and left the place.





Chapter Fifteen





It’s been one week when I left Racetrack Rider Community, and it’s been one week that I haven’t seen Jed. To think that he’s now free and we’re both living in separate houses. On the other hand, I didn’t tell my parents about it. Maybe I will one day but I don’t know. I don’t have any news from Jed anymore and I know it’s hard but I’m still doing my best to be fine so that I can manage my restaurant with the help of my brother’s wife.



It’s Saturday morning and I don’t have any plans, one week without being seen in public change me a lot. Some of my workers told me that I’m more blooming and much better than last time when I was with Jed. My phone buzzes and it’s a call from my mom.



“Hello mom, how are you? I’m sorry I didn’t call you, so why did you call?” I ask “You need to come here in Washington, your dad… honey, your dad…” “What happen? I will be there, I will now book a flight!” then I hang up. We have a place in Washington, mom and dad own a house there so that if they have a business trip it’s easier for us to settle.



After 4 and 54 minutes or let’s just say 5 hours approximately, I arrive safely in Washington, literally our house in Washington. Dad is in his room, mom said that he has a mild heart attack and that the doctor approved that he’ll stay in the house. The intriguing part is Jed’s parents are also there, this is bad!





“Where’s your husband? I thought you two will be here together?” Clarisse asks. “I… He will be here, I just…” “Yeah, well Jed told us that he’ll be here but we thought that you together” Ben smiles. Jed is coming over here? This is ridiculous!

Our conversation was stop by the private nurse. “Is my dad okay?” I ask “Yes Ma’am, he’s fine. In fact if you want to talk to him you can” the nurse smile. I nod and left the area and went straight to my dad’s room.



He’s lying unconscious, my dad. I sit down beside him and held his hands to mine, tears come bursting out. Dad’s the one who can understand me this time; he’s the one I need to cry on.



“Hi dad, I didn’t expect to see you like this. Get well soon daddy because I have a surprise for you, but I want to tell you now. I have my own restaurant already and it’s getting bigger, well actually the investment doesn’t come out from my own pocket but I do promise that I will take good care of it so that someday you’ll be proud of me”



“And also dad, I’m sorry for being a brat and sarcastic and mean when you want to be sweet to me. You know what? I do really appreciate the wedding agreement because I learn to love Jed. I love Jed unexpectedly dad but do you still remember the thing that you said about him? That he will look after me? It’s not true because he loves someone else and I hate to admit but it’s slowly breaking me apart”



“But I didn’t regret the day I said yes to him down the aisle, because dad I love Jed as much as I could even it means giving him the chance to be with the one he truly love. I love him every single day even though I know that he didn’t love me back. Maybe, someday you’ll gonna say that I will love again but I don’t know. Jed for me will be my first and last, the man that I will always love forever”



“Thanks for not giving up on me, for letting me live the life to the fullest, for giving me strength and courage to pursue my dreams even though you know I won’t listen, thanks for being my dad, for keeping contact with me and being humble. You’re the best dad for me and I couldn’t ask for more”



“Dad, thank you for giving me the best birthday gift that night, thank you for Jed Crawford”



“I’m sorry if I’m crying right now but hey we all cry. Dad, take care and please wake up. I miss you and I love you daddy, get well soon okay?”



And there I cry as much as I could. Letting the pain drift outside me and letting my tiredness gone away and letting the darkness consumes me.





Chapter Sixteen





I wake up from my beautiful sleep, it’s another day and now I don’t feel much pain than last day. I think I pour out all my heartaches and heart breaks the time I talk to my dad. My dad! Where is he?

And there I notice that I’m lying on the bed. How did I get here in my room?



“Good morning Francheska” I quickly sit up on the bed and turn to see the familiar voice. Jed Crawford is in the house, in my room. I look at him and said “Why are you here? What are you doing here?” I snap. “To visit my father-in-law and to see my wife, I haven’t seen you and you just left me a what? Letter that says you’re leaving! And I also check your restaurant” he snaps back.



“Don’t you dare call me your wife because our whole marriage was based on a lie and don’t you ever forget it” I snap again, but now it’s a low blow because tears are taunting me again. “Cheska, we need to talk” and by that he walks towards me until he sits beside me. “We don’t need to talk; if this is all about the 6 months contract then I will let my attorney deal with…”



Jed gently hugs me and he kisses my forehead. My mouth drops open and still conserving all that he did. “Please, Jed…” “Hush, Cheska please let me talk” I couldn’t hold his hug anymore because anytime soon I will burst out into tears again, so before I could do something that I will regret, I push him away.



“Why do you want me to see Jed? Why are you still here? Why don’t you stay away from me? And why are you still checking the restaurant? Why are you still by my side?” then my tears start pouring.



“Cheska, stop crying. Please” he then again kisses my forehead “Why do I want to see you? It’s because I’ve been missing you. Why I’m still here? It’s because I want to be with you. Why don’t I stay away from you? It’s because my heart won’t allow it. Why I’m checking the restaurant? To tell you the truth Cheska, I’ve been checking the restaurant since it started because it all started in your restaurant” he again kisses my forehead.



“Tell me that I’m not dreaming Jed” I sob. “Cheska I am still by your side because I wanted too. It’s because I am crazy, deeply, madly in love with you” Am I just hallucinating or is this true?

“Cheska, did you hear me?”



“What did you just say?” I whisper. “I love you Francheska Sheer” he shouts. “But I thought you love Rose, you know the kiss” I said while wiping my tears. “Yes I did, but I didn’t kiss her” “But you brag at me when I question you…” “Because I was jealous of you being with Nathan, the thought of you being with another man is killing me” he snaps.



“Cheska, I loved you since the day I saw your face. I don’t know but after Rose disregard my proposal and I saw you in my office at our mansion, it’s like nothing to me. I loved you since the day I saw you scribble something on a piece of paper wearing your wedding gown. I love you since my dad gave me a picture of you but I was afraid because you might kick me or something but after I heard you last night? Talking to your dad about how much you love me, I was like so happy and relieved that you felt the same way too”



I have joy of tears on my face; the man I love also loves me. “I’m sorry that I made an impression which makes me hurt you, Cheska” he begs. “Jed, one look at you and I forget that I was hurting. Thanks for loving me” I kiss his lips gently. “My life is dreadful when you’re not around but Cheska, one look at you and I was alive again” he kisses me back.



“I love you Jed Crawford, even though you keep on hurting me whenever I see you and Rose talking” I pout. “Then why don’t you say so?” he asks. “I don’t have any claims on you Jed and besides you keep on bringing the 6 months contract on the topic” I snap.



“Yeah, I’m sorry I guess I don’t give any effort to let you feel that I already love you since you kiss me on the day of our marriage” he teases. “No you kiss me” I shout “Nope, you did” and he tickles me until he was on top of me. “About the 6 months contract, I don’t want it. I want to change it into lifetime but before that” he get something under the pillow, it’s a small purple box. I wonder what’s inside until he opens it, revealing two rings with both our names. What’s he trying to say?!

“Francheska Sheer, will you marry me again?”



My heart pounded with joy. “Why are you proposing?” I ask. “The first marriage is an agreement and we don’t have any proposing thing and we barely talk to one another. Now, I want this marriage to be all about you and me with love” he smiles. “How can I possibly say no? Yes! I will marry you again Jed Crawford because I love you” and our lips touches and are the one who’s in control of us!



Now, I am contented with my life. With the man I love who loves me back and with my family and friends who keeps on supporting me. My life might be complicated but for me it is perfect and I love it!





Publication Date: July 5th 2014



https://www.bookrix.com/-twriter26





